https://www.ouac.on.ca/ouac-105/?elqTrackId=deba22f248ee41b889377a21f9a524b2&elqaid=697&elqat=2
105 all other undergraduate applicants - ontario universities' application centre skip to content accessibility fran?ais toggle navigation search site: applications selecting an application undergrad criteria ? am i a 101 or 105? undergrad (101) undergrad (105) law (olsas) medical (omsas) rehab sciences (orpas) teacher ed (teas) deadlines fees faqs covid-19 undergrad (101) undergrad (105) law (olsas) medical (omsas) rehab sciences (orpas) teacher (teas) resources news apply to an undergraduate program international or canadian applicants not currently attending an ontario high school ouac105 home ? 105 all other undergraduate applicants 105 criteria is this the right application for me? answer a few short questions to make sure you are applying with the right undergraduate application. do you meet any of the following requirements? you currently reside in canada (canadian citizens, permanent residents [landed immigrants] or those currently studying in canada on a study permit or other visa), or are a canadian citizen or a permanent resident (landed immigrant) living elsewhere (not in canada), and you are not currently attending an ontario high school day program. you currently reside outside of canada, are not a canadian citizen or permanent resident (landed immigrant) and are not currently attending an ontario high school day program (in ontario or abroad). note: do not complete this application if you are applying to the 4-semester consecutive bed program or common law. 105 application go to application | browse programs create your ouac account. read how to apply. note: after 20 minutes of inactivity, you will automatically be logged out of your account. application guide read the complete guide for applying to an ontario university. note: the ouac and the universities reserve the right to amend this information at any time. review this information before you apply. the ouac and the universities do not endorse or support presentations or publications other than their own. obtain up?to?date information directly from the university admission offices or their websites. university information algoma university brock university carleton university university of guelph university of guelph-humber lakehead university laurentian university universit? de hearst (in french only) mcmaster university nipissing university ocad university universit? de l?ontario fran?ais ontario tech university university of ottawa saint paul university queen?s university ryerson university university of toronto trent university university of waterloo western university brescia university college huron university college king?s university college wilfrid laurier university university of windsor york university glendon campus, york university links to ontario universities contact the university of your choice about additional admission and academic program information. other canadian universities the ouac processes applications for ontario universities only. for information about a university outside ontario, contact the university directly or visit universities canada. contact the ouac mailing address ontario universities? application centre 170 research lane guelph on n1g 5e2 email for general inquiries news & reminders covid-19 update from the ouac and ontario?s universities the ouac continues to operate, but our building is closed to the public until further notice. we will continue to? 105 action centre log in browse programs read the application guide search the application guide view faqs view notice and declaration view ouac privacy statement watch how-to videos 105 application guide important dates 105 fees about 105 applicant responsibilities general information and procedures application instructions selecting an application personal information contact information academic background program choices document upload additional university details other academic information transcripts activities/employment review and submit after you submit your application responding to an offer of admission 105 resources collaborative university and college programs links to ontario universities mature students and other applicants midwifery education program nursing essential requirements ontario postsecondary application fee reimbursement program getting help application inquiries have your username or ouac reference number handy. phone: 519-823-1063 hours: monday ? wednesday and friday: 9:30 am ? 4:15 pm (et) thursday: 10:00 am ? 4:15 pm (et) contact the ouac more information about the ouac about this website employment ouac privacy statement sitemap applying for osap statistics the ouac compiles application statistics for undergraduate, teacher education, medical school, law school and rehabilitation sciences. confirmation statistics are compiled for undergraduate and teacher education. view the currently available statistics. ? 2022 ontario universities' application centre site by barking dog studios top x do you have a minute? help us improve our website by answering a brief survey to share your experience with us. yes, i'll share my feedback
