https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/supportuwindsor/2020-09-15/3-million-gift-rodzik-family-support-windsor-law-transformation
$3 million gift from rodzik family to support windsor law transformation | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support uwindsor support uwindsor in this section welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor $3 million gift from rodzik family to support windsor law transformation $3 million gift from rodzik family to support windsor law transformation a planned $30 million transformation of the current ron ianni faculty of law building got a major boost friday with the announcement of a $3 million gift by the don rodzik foundation in support of the transforming windsor law building project. university of windsor president rob gordon and faculty of law dean chris waters were joined by don rodzik sr. and members of the rodzik family at an outdoor event on campus announcing the gift. ?we are immensely proud of our windsor roots and it has always been important to me and my family to educate, to mentor, to continually improve, to invest, and help our community to succeed,? said rodzik. ?our family believes in the power of higher education and the enrichment to those who seek it. the opportunity to improve education is our key motivation in making this gift.? rodzik called on others in the community ?with an enterprising spirit? to support the campaign. ?we hope this gift will inspire others to consider supporting the renovation and truly transform windsor law into something new and better? your investment is needed to make this happen.? the project, expected to begin in january 2021, is spearheaded by diamond schmitt architects and will remake the current law building into an environment that provides better space for teaching, learning, and collaboration, while serving the accessibility needs of a diverse population in a warm and welcoming way. the rodzik family?s gift will support the new building?s don rodzik moot court; the don & gail rodzik law library; and the don rodzik family chair in law and entrepreneurship. dr. gordon called the family?s gift ?inspirational? and a testament to the importance of relationships built between the university of windsor and the community it serves. ?the university of windsor is tremendously grateful to the rodzik family today for their very generous and meaningful gift, and for the ongoing support and guidance don rodzik jr. has provided as a member of the twl committee,? he said. ?the rodzik family story is a uniquely windsor one, rooted in hard work, tenacity, and a keen eye to the future. we are deeply honoured that the rodziks recognize transforming windsor law as an investment worth making ? a place where tomorrow?s legal practitioners will have a personally transformative educational experience, and where they will receive the support and acquire the important skills needed to make vital contributions to the communities they will serve.? ? published on sep 15th, 2020 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
