https://www.uwindsor.ca/aboriginal-education-centre/
aboriginal education centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students aboriginal education centre in this section home about us events sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat student and alumni pow wow outreach programming turtle island walking tour aboriginal education council awards, scholarships & bursaries community resources contact us indigenous alumni of the university of windsor check out how to be an ally indigenous studies in fahss indigenous initiatives home about us events sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat student and alumni pow wow outreach programming turtle island walking tour aboriginal education council awards, scholarships & bursaries community resources contact us indigenous alumni of the university of windsor check out how to be an ally indigenous studies in fahss indigenous initiatives uwindsor home aboriginal education centre welcome to the aboriginal education centre ? turtle island at the university of windsor! welcome to the aboriginal education centre ? turtle island at the university of windsor! the office space and drop-in centre remain closed on campus. we are working remotely and available by email until further notice. check here for the latest details on what's open on campus the centre provides support to indigenous students reach their highest potential in a culturally supportive atmosphere. here are a few services that the centre provides: friendly and knowledgeable staff who can refer you to various student support services on campus; cultural programming and events; a lounge and study area where you can socialize, study, or just relax; printing, scanning and faxing services; volunteer and work opportunities; school visits and community presentations. please come by the centre and introduce yourself, we?re here to help you succeed! share tweet save news articles discord server for indigenous students turtle island newsletter march 25th library resources available to observe national indigenous languages day indigenous artist trio to discuss work at uwill discover donor funds scholarship to benefit indigenous students president names senior advisor on indigenous relations and outreach want to reach out to an indigenous scholar? share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
