https://www.uwindsor.ca/nursing/303/about-us
about us | faculty of nursing skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us faculty of nursing in this section dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links uwindsor home faculty of nursing about us about us anthony p. toldo health education centre these are exciting times to embark on a career in nursing or to pursue graduate level preparation in nursing. new attitudes and objectives in health care are redefining the skills and mandate of today's nursing professional. health care is no longer narrowly viewed as just the treatment of illness, but rather as the promotion and maintenance of health. this evolution means new challenges and an expanding role for nurses. take on the challenges facing nurses. prepare yourself with a strong academic foundation, valuable experience, and a future-focused philosophy. this will enable you to meet the demands of the nursing profession with confidence, professionalism and excellence. the faculty of nursing prides itself on its flexible, quality undergraduate and graduate programs. through our degree programs and highly qualified faculty members, we have made a commitment to excellence, to our students, to providing valuable experience, and to future opportunities. learn more about our: mission, vision and values philosophy strategic plan for 2012-2017 strategic plan for 2017-2021 history nursing lab and/or simulation facilities in our clinical learning centre historical data analysis of students in our program advisory committee collaborative bscn mission, vision and values history of the collaborative baccalaureate nursing program share tweet save tweets by uwinnursing share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
