http://www.uwindsor.ca/writingsupport
about the writing support desk  | student success and leadership centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student success and leadership centre student success and leadership centre writing support desk about the writing support desk hours of operation workshops book an appointment cancel an appointment academic writing advisors writing support video tutorials writing support links additional uwindsor writing assistance frequently asked questions information for faculty & staff about the writing support desk hours of operation workshops book an appointment cancel an appointment academic writing advisors writing support video tutorials writing support links additional uwindsor writing assistance frequently asked questions information for faculty & staff uwindsor home student success and leadership centre writing support desk about the writing support desk about the writing support desk about the writing support desk important information regarding changes to service in light of covid-19 in order to minimize risk of covid-19 transmission and in keeping with the university of windsor's policies, the writing support desk has moved all services to online only until further notice. our physical location in leddy library is currently closed. one-on-one consultations booked via mysuccess will be available via microsoft teams. workshops will be available at their scheduled time via blackboard virtual classroom. some workshops are also available as video tutorials on our website under 'video tutorials' as well as on the wsd blackboard page under resources > video tutorials and/or virtual lounge > recordings. please note that students who do not yet have access to the wsd blackboard page under organizations must use the self enrollment link on the workshops page to gain access. for up-to-date information regarding uwindsor's response to covid-19, please visit the coronavirus update page. for further information regarding how to access writing support desk services online, please see the below drop-down menu or email writingsupport@uwindsor.ca. for general information about writing support, visit our faq page. the writing support desk staff is committed to providing the highest level of service to students while maintaining best practices for health and safety. we thank you for your patience and understanding. do i still require an appointment to access a one-on-one consultation? yes. only students with appointments booked via mysuccess will be able to access online consultations. please ensure you have an appointment in order to access online support. how do i receive support online? to ensure the most efficient service, please take the following steps: 1. email the word (.doc or .docx) document you wish to work on to us in advance of your meeting, ideally an hour or more before. 2. check your email before your meeting starts for a meeting invite. 3. follow the ms teams meeting link. for more information on accessing meetings through microsoft teams, visit the ms teams website. how do i attend a workshop via blackboard virtual classroom? if you do not already have access to the writing support desk's blackboard page (under organizations), please use the self enrollment link on in the workshops section of our webpage to gain access. (https://www.uwindsor.ca/success/342/workshops) once you have blackboard access, take the following steps: 1. log into your blackboard page, select 'organizations', and select 'writing support.' 2. from the menu, select 'virtual lounge.' 3. choose the workshop that you would like to attend, and join the room. virtual classrooms will open 15-minutes before the scheduled start time. 4. you should then be able to see the workshop slides and hear the presenter. about the writing support desk the writing support desk is located on the main floor of leddy library and is a service that provides students with help regarding various aspects of their academic writing, including interpreting assignment prompts constructing strong theses and arguments grammar, punctuation, and syntax problems analyzing and integrating sources citing and referencing students should note that the wsd is not a proofreading service. though we will examine as much of a sample of writing as we can in the space of a one-on-one consultation, our goal is to teach students how to improve their writing, not to edit the work. students can email their work in advance of their appointments to writingsupport@uwindsor.ca (.docx or .doc formats only please). if you require accommodations for a disability, please contact the writing support desk at writingsupport@uwindsor.ca or 519.253.3000 ext. 3472. read more about the wsd's policies and procedures. contact information: phone number: 519-253-3000 (ext.3472) email: writingsupport@uwindsor.ca location: leddy library main floor share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
