https://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/812/about-us
about us | residence skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students residence residence in this section about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates uwindsor home residence about us about us living in residence is an experience you?ll never forget. it can be the best time of your life, but it?s what you add to it that makes the difference. it?s your first step to independence, and we?re here to support you along the way. living on our campus puts you at the heart of a small community. it is the best way to get you connected to friends and campus life. if you were that student who is very in involved in extra-curricular activities, we offer you many chances to continue to grow as a leader. for those of you who just want to get involved, this is your chance to get out of your comfort zone and stretch yourself. we hope this website will get you excited about the possibilities of residence life and give you the information necessary to make the all-important decisions about where you?ll spend the next year. hoping to see you on campus and if we do, remember, the ?focus is you.? our mission: to provide a safe and comfortable living environment that promotes and supports resident engagement, growth, and achievement. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
