https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-research/346/about-vice-president-research-and-innovation
about the vice-president, research and innovation | office of the vice-president, research & innovation skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the vice-president, research & innovation office of the vice-president, research & innovation in this section celebration of excellence in research, scholarship & creative activity 2021 call 2021 nomination guide welcome covid-19 research and innovation guidance about the vice-president research and innovation services animal care research ethics research safety research finance institutes, centres and collaborations research chairs research appointments research stimulus fund draft srp for campus community review research partnerships research support fund institutional awards and fellowships contact celebration of excellence in research, scholarship & creative activity 2021 call 2021 nomination guide welcome covid-19 research and innovation guidance about the vice-president research and innovation services animal care research ethics research safety research finance institutes, centres and collaborations research chairs research appointments research stimulus fund draft srp for campus community review research partnerships research support fund institutional awards and fellowships contact uwindsor home office of the vice-president, research & innovation about the vice-president, research and innovation about the vice-president, research and innovation dr. k. w. michael siu vice-president, research and innovation, university of windsor k. w. michael siu, phd, fcic, frsc, was reappointed vice-president, research and innovation of the university of windsor for a second five year term commencing december 1, 2017. dr. siu received his bsc from the university of hong kong, and msc in chemistry from the university of birmingham, united kingdom. he moved to canada to attend dalhousie university in halifax, where he received his phd in chemistry in 1981. dr. siu then accepted a position as research associate with the division of chemistry at the national research council of canada. over the following 16 years, dr. siu held positions with the nrc as research officer, institute for environmental research and technology (formerly institute for environmental chemistry) and senior research officer, institute for national measurement standards. in 1998, dr. siu relocated to york university as professor of chemistry and nserc/sciex (now ab sciex) senior industrial research chair in analytical mass spectrometry. he was the founding director of the centre for research in mass spectrometry. dr. siu was named distinguished research professor in 2007; in july of 2005, he accepted the first of two, three-year appointments as the associate vice-president research, science and technology at york university. dr. siu is recognized globally as a leader in the fundamentals as well as applications in the field of mass spectrometry. he has coauthored more than 280 refereed articles, and he and his group have given in excess of 490 presentations of which 50% were in the invited, keynote or plenary category. dr. siu?s research is / has been supported by many agencies and organizations, including nserc, cihr, cfi, genome canada, canadian cancer society, istp, oce, oit, ordcf, and ontario institute for cancer research. dr. siu has been active in serving the academic community; he holds / has held a number of executive or board positions; including president of the canadian society for mass spectrometry, 2009-2012,; chair/director, canadian national proteomics network, 2008-present; director, human proteome organization, 2010-2012; chair, board of directors, ontario cancer biomarker network/indoc research, 2006-present; member, scientific advisory board, b.c. proteomics network, 2009-2014; and member, clinical and scientific advisory board, proteocyte inc. he is an associate editor of clinical proteomics and serves on the editorial boards of a number of scientific journals. over the years, dr. siu has received a number of prestigious awards and accolades in recognition of his professional, academic and societal contributions, including the gerhard herzberg award (2004, canadian society for analytical sciences and spectroscopy), f.p. lossing award (2005, canadian society for mass spectrometry), maxxam award (2006, canadian society for chemistry), new pioneers award in science and technology (2007, skills for change), and chinese canadian legend award (2012, asian business network association). dr. siu was elected a fellow of the chemical institute of canada (1996) and a fellow of the royal society of canada (2009). dr. siu feels strongly that the fruits of academic research should be translated out to the community for societal gain. throughout his career, he has demonstrated his dedication to fostering the community, government and industry partnerships that enable mobilization of academic research, innovation and artistic creativity to applications that will lead to the betterment of society. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
