https://www.uwindsor.ca/research-ethics-board/320/about-us
about us | research ethics board skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students research ethics board research ethics board welcome welcome covid announcements from the reb previous covid announcements from the reb about us metrics at a glance review process review dates policies forms tri-council policy statement 2 (2018) education and resources clinical trials contact us at the reb welcome covid announcements from the reb previous covid announcements from the reb about us metrics at a glance review process review dates policies forms tri-council policy statement 2 (2018) education and resources clinical trials contact us at the reb uwindsor home research ethics board welcome about us about us faq what is the relationship of the reb to the university of windsor? the reb derives its authority from the federal guidelines contained in the tri-council policy statement: ethical conduct for research involving humans (www.pre.ethics.gc.ca). all universities who receive funding from the tri-council must have an independent reb responsible for the ethical oversight of all research with human participants conducted by faculty, staff or students, regardless of funding or where the research takes place. does all research need to be cleared by an reb? no. only research conducted with human participants is covered under the tcps2. the tcps2 defines human participants as ?individuals whose data, or responses to interventions, stimuli or questions by the researcher are relevant to answering the research question? (p. 14). this can also include the use of secondary data or human biological materials. the tcps2 also provides guidelines for activities which are exempt from reb review. please consult with the reb early in the development of your research project to determine which activities may be exempt and what level of review your research may require. if i am coming to the university of windsor from another institution, do i need to transfer my research and ethical clearances here? yes. the reb office can assist you in transferring your protocols and ethical approvals to the university of windsor. please ensure you have complete copies of all files (application, appendices and amendments) and clearances from the previous institution. if i am a new researcher in canada, where should i start? first, we recommend obtaining your tcps2 certificate, which is required of all researchers conducting research with human participants in canada. the on-line certificate program can be found here. second, schedule a meeting with the reb to discuss your research and possible ethical clearances needed. email ethics@uwindsor.ca to schedule an appointment. if i am doing research in the usa, does uwindsor have an fwa number? yes. please contact the reb for the fwa number which provides our researchers with greater flexibility with us funding and ethics review with institutional review boards in the united states. where can i find reb forms and other information on-line? reb forms things we wish you knew about our services meet with us early meeting with an reb member to discuss your ethics applications before submission will help identify any possible issues and facilitate a smoother, shorter time to clearance of your protocols. book a consultation time with the reb chair, dr. suzanne mcmurphy. workshops and presentations the reb provides workshops and in-class presentations on a variety of research ethics topics. please contact us if you would like to schedule a workshop or presentation for your classes. expertise we have reb members with experience from other research ethics boards and processes, such as in the usa, and are willing to assist you in navigating these if you need. communication our questions on your protocol applications are not intended to censure any type of research. our questions are meant to clarify our understanding of your research protocol, especially if there are methodological approaches and risk mitigations strategies with which we may not be familiar. feedback please contact the reb to provide feedback on our reviews, processes or other information. feedback from researchers is important for ensuring our own accountability and communicating with us helps improve our effectiveness. contact the uwindsor office of research ethics if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. office of research ethics university of windsor 401 sunset avenue, 2146 chrysler hall north windsor, on n9b 3p4 (519) 253-3000 ext 3948 ethics@uwindsor.ca share tweet save announcements & presentations new tcps2: core-2022 training information updated resumption of research framework consent addendum for covid appendix ?j? ? university of windsor research ethics board research with human participants under covid-19 restrictions new reb application form new u of w psychology participant pool manual tcps2 (2018) published august 15, 2019 tcps2 (2018) ?guidance on how to address material incidental findings.? tri-council policy statement 2 (tcps2) resources tcps 2 (2018) - public consultation 2021 - eptc 2 (2018) - consultation publique 2021 tcps2 (2018) edition (on-line) tcps2 (2018) edition (.pdf) tcps2 2018 highlights of changes (on-line) tcps2 online tutorial: course on research ethics (core) 2022 resources review dates office of research innovation services recruiting via mass email at the university of windsor are you thinking about participating in a study? research summaries research summaries for participants upload research summaries issues in research ethics statement from careb-accer's board of directors on anti-black racism research integrity and societal trust in research conserve 2021 statement walking together - applying for ocap clinical research in resource limited settings ethics and governance of artificial intelligence for health retraction watch: ethical challenges of consent for case studies justice, diversity, and research ethics review impact ethics: ensuring the integrity of clinical research- urging research ethics boards to be more proactive in their oversight responsibility archived issues in research ethics share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
