https://www.uwindsor.ca/academic-integrity/
academic integrity skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students academic integrity in this section home for students prevent plagiarism contract cheating campus services policy for graduate students tips for honest work for faculty academic misconduct home for students prevent plagiarism contract cheating campus services policy for graduate students tips for honest work for faculty academic misconduct academic integrity what is academic integrity? what is academic integrity? academic integrity is more than just plagiarism and cheating. it means centering your academic journey around the core values of honesty, respect, fairness, and responsibility. at the university of windsor, we expect our students, faculty, and staff to contribute to a positive environment where academic integrity is upheld in all of our work. the university of windsor advocates for academic integrity through honesty, education, and enforcement. we aim to create a positive learning environment where individuals learn from the resources and ideas of others while generating their own thoughts and conclusions. we adopt a neutral administrative role when academic misconduct is alleged to have occurred. we ensure that all members involved understand their rights and responsibilities under the senate bylaw 31: academic integrity and the student code of conduct. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
