https://www.uwindsor.ca/success/606/academic-advising-drop
academic advising online drop-in | student success and leadership centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students uwindsor home student success and leadership centre academic advising online drop-in academic advising online drop-in welcome to central academic advising?s online drop-in! drop-in hours are monday to friday from 2 pm ? 4 pm est. students meet with an academic advisor on a first come first serve basis. please read the instructions below, prior to checking in. step 1- click on the ?sign in? button below to check in. if you are having trouble checking in, please proceed to step 2. step 2- click on the ?join the waiting room? button below to join the blackboard waiting room. you will remain in the waiting room until an academic advisor is available. once you are in the waiting room, please test your microphone. if you are having issues with your microphone, please try exiting and re-entering the waiting room. step 2: join the waiting room by clicking the button below share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
