https://www.ontario.ca/page/accessibility-laws
accessibility in ontario | ontario.ca skip to main content ontario.ca needs javascript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. to have a better experience, you need to: go to your browser's settings enable javascript follow the covid-19 restrictions and public health measures and book your appointment to get vaccinated. government of ontario home page search search fran?ais fr search menu close arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation home government accessibility in ontario learn about the laws and framework for making ontario more accessible. find out how to comply with accessibility requirements and when you need to report on compliance. about accessibility laws the accessibility for ontarians with disabilities act, 2005 (aoda) is intended to reduce and remove barriers for people with disabilities so that ontario can become more accessible and inclusive for everyone. collaboration among businesses, organizations, communities and all levels of government is key to reaching this goal. learn about ontario?s aoda laws and standards, our action plan and progress in becoming accessible for people with disabilities by 2025. people with disabilities learn what programs and services are available to help prevent, reduce and remove accessibility barriers you may face in everyday life. information for businesses learn how making your business or organization more accessible and inclusive can expand your talent pool and customer base. what you need to know learn about the laws, standards and resources available to help reduce and remove the barriers you may face in everyday life. accessibility framework advancing accessibility in ontario is a framework that will help us continue to identify, and remove, barriers for people with disabilities ? making the province more accessible. requirements for organizations the aoda requirements and reporting deadlines you need to meet depend on the type and size of your organization. you are exempt if you do not have employees in ontario. use our interactive self-assessment tool to easily identify the aoda requirements that apply to your organization. there are two main types of organizations that need to comply: designated public sector organizations this category consists of the broader public sector, including municipalities and other organizations described under the aoda. businesses and non-profit organizations this category consists of all businesses and organizations that are not part of the designated public sector under the aoda. completing your accessibility compliance report learn how to file an accessibility compliance report for businesses and non-profit organizations with 20 or more employees and public sector organizations. remember to notify us of any changes or updates to your organization?s profile information. legislative reviews, committees and councils current reviews of accessibility laws and requirements, including reports by appointed committees and councils that advise the government. age-friendly and accessibility grants learn about our grants and how you can receive money to help create a more accessible and inclusive ontario for people of all ages and abilities. subscribe to ontario?s aoda newsletter sign up for the aoda toolbox and get news about deadlines, requirements, success stories and tips to make your business or organization open to all. stay in touch contact us if you have any questions or if you need any of our material in a different format. you can also provide your feedback to help us improve accessibility in ontario. facebook twitter linkedin contact form disclaimer the aim and purpose of this webpage is to help individuals and businesses with information related to the accessibility for ontarians with disabilities act, 2005 and its associated regulation oreg 191/11. while we aim to provide relevant and timely information, no guarantee can be given as to the accuracy or completeness of any information provided. this guidance is not intended to nor does it provide legal advice and should not be relied upon or treated as legal advice. those seeking legal advice should consult with a qualified legal professional. in case of discrepancy between website content and relevant ontario legislation and regulations, the official version of ontario acts and regulations as published by the queen's printer for ontario will prevail. the ministry for seniors and accessibility and the government of ontario do not endorse or recommend any accessibility consultant(s), their advice, opinions or recommendations. updated: december 08, 2021 published: june 03, 2015 image an accessible ontario by 2025 ontario is the first canadian province to pass a law to improve accessibility in the areas that impact the daily lives of people with disabilities. about ontario accessibility news privacy terms of use ? queen?s printer for ontario, 2012?to22 contact us topics main menu en arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation top
