https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/services/accessibility-services
accessibility services | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library services accessibility services leddy library in this section services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates connect with your library accessibility services accessibility services at leddy library the leddy library is committed to providing access for all of our students. to this end we liaise with the university of windsor's student accessibility services office. students with particular needs are advised to contact student accessability services in order to take advantage of the services provided. for assistance in the library contact art rhyno at extension 3163. access to the library retrieval of materials obtaining alternate format materials computers & technology assistive technology / devices provided by student accessibility services @ leddy access to the library the leddy library occupies two buildings and is accessed via the entrance on the south side of the main building. the entrance is ramped to facilitate wheelchair access. inside, all floors in both library buildings are serviced by elevators. the two buildings are connected by a walkway on the first and second floors. in the main building, the elevators are located on the north side of the main stairway in the centre of the building. in the west building, the elevator is located on the west wall beside the main stairway. universal washrooms are located on the basement floor in the leddy west building and on every floor in the main building. retrieval of materials students who need help identifying and retrieving materials from library stacks should ask for assistance at the reference help centre. staff there should be able to accommodate requests for a small number of items on a needs basis. if the number of items is greater than 5, or the staff are occupied, please contact art rhyno. obtaining alternate format materials students requiring alternate format materials from leddy library can contact art rhyno with their requests. student who have received a token to access the accesible content e-portal "ace" database can do so here: http://books.scholarsportal.info/access.html. students registered with student accessibility services, who have been approved to have materials in alternate format, can contact sds. computers & technology the library operates more than 200 computer terminals. most of these terminals are dedicated to catalogue access but they also provide internet browsers and wordprocessing software. the library also has a group of scholar terminals that provide a wider range of applications software. for both the catalogue and scholar terminals, there are a number of stations designated for wheelchair access. accessible workstations the library currently offers two accessible workstations in the public area of the first floor of the main building. computer lm110 is located north and east of the information desk. it has jaws screen reader software and the zoomtext magnification utility along with a 27" monitor and a large print keyboard. priority use of this workstation will be given to persons with visual disabilities. this workstation is open access and does not require a sign-in. computer m1010 is located north of the printer/photocoy area at the end of the second row of computers. it has jaws screen reader software and the zoomtext magnification utility along with a 27" monitor and a large print keyboard. this station requires a sign-on and may be booked ahead of time. there is one workstation in g101a that has a large print keyboard and zoomtext. location of equipment assistive technology / devices the leddy library is home for the learning annex (room g104) on the basement floor of the main building. this computer provides access technology for students and is operated by student accessibility services. use of the annex is arranged through their office. a speech to text room is located in leddy library's west building, room 208w. a laptop with dragon naturally speaking and the room key can be signed out at leddy's information desk, located at the library's entrance, for a 4 hour loan period. connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
