https://www.uwindsor.ca/ohrea/113/understanding-and-reporting-barriers-accessibility
accessibility feedback (reporting a barrier)  | office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) accessibility and accommodation home contact us about ohrea faqs accessibility and accommodation accessibility feedback (reporting a barrier) accessible and inclusive event planning accessibility training accommodation building information creating accessible documents service animals employment equity human rights anti-racism/anti-black racism committees religious accommodation forms and funding policies and guidelines reports and resources surveys training ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives ohrea newsletter home contact us about ohrea faqs accessibility and accommodation accessibility feedback (reporting a barrier) accessible and inclusive event planning accessibility training accommodation building information creating accessible documents service animals employment equity human rights anti-racism/anti-black racism committees religious accommodation forms and funding policies and guidelines reports and resources surveys training ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives ohrea newsletter follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram uwindsor home office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) accessibility and accommodation accessibility feedback (reporting a barrier) accessibility feedback (reporting a barrier) accessibility feedback (reporting a barrier) accessibility is a general term used to describe the degree to which a product, device, service or environment is available to all intended audiences. individuals with disabilities may encounter a variety of physical, technological or attitudinal barriers. at the university of windsor, our mission is to create a fully accessible environment for everyone. we do this by providing accessible customer service in the areas of information and communications, facilities and customer service. if you would like to share with us suggestions for ways to improve accessibility and inclusion or if you would like to share your experience of how inclusion and accessibility at the university of windsor made a difference, please follow this link to complete an accessibility feedback form. identifying information collected by ohrea from the accessibility feedback form will be kept confidential except for the purposes of tracking and disseminating to the appropriate unit both for follow-up and/or to share the content of the feedback, both positive and negative. if you encounter a barrier to accessibility, please review the list of options below to ensure that your concerns are reviewed and where appropriate, addressed in the most expeditious manner possible. if you would like to also bring your concern forward to our attention or if none of the options is suitable, please complete an accessibility feedback form. barriers to physical facilities: items such as an out-of-service elevator, a non-functioning door opener, washroom fixtures that are broken or in need of repair should be reported with as much detail as to location(building/floor/room etc.) and the accessibility issue following the maintenance service request process outlined on the facilities services webpages. please follow this link the service requests website. snow removal preventing access: issues with snow accumulation or removal should be reported through the facilities services webpages. please follow this link to the correct website. community safety and security: in an emergency call campus community police at 4444 or 911 from any campus phone. by cell phone, call (519)253-3000 ext. 4444. to learn more about the types of emergency phones located throughout campus, please follow this link to the campus community police website. technology service disruption: to report barriers regarding university websites or technology such as fm transmitters in classroom which are not functioning, please follow this link to open a ticket with information and technology services or contact the information technology services help desk at ext. 4440. accessible format: if you are a student who requires alternate format textbooks, please follow this link to the webpages of student accessibility services. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram what's new response to ontario human rights commission's letter on racism idea competition 2020-2021 employment equity annual report 2019 2019-2020 accessibility report and multi-year plan related links internal links: aboriginal education centre/turtle island department of human resources international student centre notice of service interruptions/projects office of the provost office of the registar office of student experience senate bylaws student accessibility services external links: legal assistance of windsor (law) ombudsman ontario ontario human rights commission ontario ministry of labour university of windsor's community legal aid share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
