https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentaccessibility/366/accommodations-explained
accommodations explained | student accessibility services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student accessibility services student accessibility services in this section home students faculty & staff accommodations explained transition programs downtown campus emergency response procedures contact us home students faculty & staff accommodations explained transition programs downtown campus emergency response procedures contact us uwindsor home student accessibility services accommodations explained accommodations explained academic accommodations are put in place to equalize learning opportunities and access to the academic environment for students with disabilities. the functional limitations resulting from a disability can at times intersect with the academic environment in a way that creates a barrier for students. advisors work with students to determine what barriers they are experiencing specific to their disability and what accommodations would equalize the learning environment for them. students with accommodations must meet all the academic requirements and standards of their courses. accommodations do not guarantee academic achievement and students with accommodations will experience similar challenges and successes as their peers as they go through their programs. outside of academic accommodations, there are many supports offered to students to support their learning. any student with a documented disability can register with sas. documentation will be reviewed to ensure it provides details on the functional impairments and limitations that result from the disability. advisors will meet with the student to discuss if and how these limitations create a barrier in the university academic context. these barriers can be addressed through accommodations or alterations in the academic environment. students may have learning disabilities, physical disabilities, psychiatric disabilities, chronic illness, sensory impairments and other health conditions resulting in physical, psychological or cognitive impairment. the topics listed here define and describe some of the accommodations that sas may approve for a students with a disability. both instructors and students are encouraged to contact sas and/or their advisor for further guidance and information as needed. extra time on exams memory aid extra time on assignments exam reschedules scribe share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
