https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/accounting
accounting | finance department skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students finance department finance department financial accounting & reporting for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms uwindsor home finance department financial accounting & reporting accounting accounting mission & vision the office of financial accounting and reporting (far) supports the academic and administrative units of the university with their financial and accounting requirements including reporting, consolidation and using the financial information system. we ensure compliance with university policies, government regulations, contract and donor agreements, internal controls, and generally accepted accounting principles. far is mainly responsible for the year-end financial close process, external audit oversight, completion of government reporting and tax filings, financial accounting for capital projects as well as preparing the annual financial statements. far is responsible for general accounts receivable functions including invoicing and receipts for the university, managing bank and treasury functions, accounting for donations and record maintenance and various other external reporting requirements that enhance and support various university affiliations. month end close accounts receivable and accounts payable will close on the second business day following the calendar month-end and the general ledger will close on the third business day following the calendar month-end. there are some exceptions throughout the year: december: some delays are expected due to the winter holiday break march: the general ledger is kept open two to three business days longer to accommodate the research reporting to the tri-council april: the ledgers close over an extended period due to the fiscal year-end. these dates reflect when the close will actually happen. departments are required to forward transactions to finance in advance of these dates in order to be included in the appropriate reporting period. remote journal entries may be input up to noon on the date of the gl close. please ensure that the correct gl date is on the entry as the system will default to the current date. fiscal year end close: cutoff dates and procedures the fiscal year for the university ends each year on april 30th. for more information, please review the year end webpage. contact information rachel mcrae ? executive director (acting), finance email: warnockr@uwindsor.ca jenifer gritke ? assistant director, financial reporting email: jenifer.gritke@uwindsor.ca linda scheer ? executive secretary to the controller and executive director, finance email: lscheer@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
