https://www.uwindsor.ca/law/1163/windsor-law-admissions-faq
admissions faq | faculty of law skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of law about law admissions event calendar student services faculty & staff alumni make a donation law library news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of law about law admissions event calendar student services faculty & staff alumni make a donation law library news faculty of law in this section about windsor law message from dean bahdi our mission, vision, and values our strategic plan our leadership our history our campus our 50th anniversary transforming windsor law student diversity academic calendar contact us admissions juris doctor (jd) canadian & american dual jd master of business administration/jd master of social work/jd master of laws (llm) event calendar student services career services forms & policies mental health & wellness peer mentorship program faculty & staff faculty directory sessionals and adjunct professors staff directory advocacy & mooting program alumni clinical and experiential learning indigenous initiatives law library clinics community legal aid legal assistance of windsor class action clinic pro bono students canada cities and climate action forum research faculty publications centre for cities indigenous legal orders institute law and technology lab law, disability & social change project national self-represented litigants project transnational law and justice network journals the windsor yearbook of access to justice windsor review of legal and social issues canadian bar review news & communications covid-19 updates building updates faculty news access newsletter < back to homepage about windsor law message from dean bahdi our mission, vision, and values our strategic plan our leadership our history our campus our 50th anniversary transforming windsor law student diversity academic calendar contact us admissions juris doctor (jd) canadian & american dual jd master of business administration/jd master of social work/jd master of laws (llm) event calendar student services career services forms & policies mental health & wellness peer mentorship program faculty & staff faculty directory sessionals and adjunct professors staff directory advocacy & mooting program alumni clinical and experiential learning indigenous initiatives law library clinics community legal aid legal assistance of windsor class action clinic pro bono students canada cities and climate action forum research faculty publications centre for cities indigenous legal orders institute law and technology lab law, disability & social change project national self-represented litigants project transnational law and justice network journals the windsor yearbook of access to justice windsor review of legal and social issues canadian bar review news & communications covid-19 updates building updates faculty news access newsletter < back to homepage uwindsor home faculty of law admissions faq admissions faq general program information: what programs do you offer? juris doctor (jd) canadian & american dual jd master of business administration master of social work/jd master of laws (llm) what is the canadian & american dual jd program? windsor law and detroit mercy school of law have collaborated to create the canadian & american dual jd program. students in the canadian & american dual jd program earn two law degrees in three years by comparative and interactive study each year on the campus of both the university of detroit mercy school of law and the university of windsor faculty of law. this program gives students a special opportunity to immerse themselves in two different legal cultures and to practice law in a globalized world. today, the practice of law increasingly crosses borders and this unique program allows you to earn both an american jd and a canadian jd in the same three years it takes most law students to receive one degree. who can i contact for further information? email: uwlaw@uwindsor.ca website: www.uwindsor.ca/law applicants: most information about the application process can be found at: https://www.ouac.on.ca/guide/olsas-windsor/ how do i apply? all ontario law schools use a common electronic application for admission to an ontario law school. this application, other admission materials and a personal profile for the university of windsor, may be obtained from: the ontario law school application service p.o. box 1328, 170 research lane guelph on n1g 5e2 telephone: 519-823-1940 facsimile: 519-823-5232 website: www.ouac.on.ca/olsas application deadlines the application deadline for the jd program is november 1, 2021 the application deadline for the canadian & american dual jd program is april 15, 2022. do i need to send any documents to windsor law? no. all documentation is submitted to olsas what are the elements of the application? olsas application university of windsor personal profile (found in the application in ?school submissions?) all official transcripts current official lsat score report; lsat scores written in the previous 5 years 2 letters of reference (1 academic and 1 non-academic) on the forms specifically provided for this purpose. electronic reference forms are provided by, and should be forwarded directly to, olsas by the referee. canadian & american dual jd program supplemental application form (if applicable) for more detailed information visit: https://www.ouac.on.ca/guide/olsas-windsor/#procedures are applications in the discretionary categories reviewed after general category applications? windsor law currently has a general and indigenous category. through the holistic admissions process, it allows us to review all aspects of an application file, through our seven factors, to address a variety of applicant perspectives to achieve a diverse incoming class. what are the average lsat score and gpa for admitted applicants to the law school? windsor law?s admission committee considers seven different criteria when assessing an applicant?s file. the lsat score and grade point average are each only one of the seven criteria. we emphasize that no one single factor is solely determinative of admission to the law school. the admissions committee assesses applications in light of all seven criteria categories. the chief source of information about applicants is that which is provided by them in their personal profile. applicants should take care to present a full and rounded view of themselves in their personal profile. we do not have a specific lsat or recommended gpa due to the holistic nature of our admissions process. we believe applicants can demonstrate that they are more than quantitative scores. how many students are accepted at windsor law? how many applicants apply to law school? we receive approximately over 2000 applications each year and approximately 165 students are accepted into the j.d. program at windsor law. we receive approximately 700 applications for the canadian & american dual j.d. program each year and approximately 85 students are accepted into the canadian & american dual j.d. program at the university of windsor law school. what is the latest lsat score you will accept? for the single jd programs: the latest lsat score accepted is the january test score of the year of application. for the dual jd program: the latest lsat accepted is the march sitting of the year of application. when can i expect a response to my application to law school? admissions occur on a rolling basis. we appreciate the time and effort applicants take to submit a fulsome package. as such, the admissions committee are doing their due diligence in conducting a meticulous review of each applicant package and appreciate your patience through the process. due to rolling admissions you may expect a response to your application to law school between february and august. waitlist can i find out my position on the waitlist? are students ranked on the waitlist? due to the fluidity of the admissions cycle, we do not provide information about your status on our waitlist. students will be notified immediately should changes to their admissions status change. are students removed from the waitlist without requesting it? once our incoming class is confirmed, students will be removed from the waitlist and changes to their admission status will be updated accordingly. when is the latest an admission offer will be made? students could potentially receive an offer of admission up until the first day of our mandatory academic orientation, should there still be space available in the incoming class. how much does it cost to go to law school? up-to-date tuition fee information is available at uwindsor.ca/finance/fee-estimator. at windsor law, we recognize the financial challenges that many students face when pursuing a legal education. fifty percent of our students receive funding in addition to provincial student loans. in 2019, we awarded a total of $3 million in bursaries. upper year applicants/transfers where do i apply? transfer information can be found at: https://www.ouac.on.ca/guide/olsas-windsor/#procedures similar to the regular jd applicants, transfer applicants use the electronic application for admission to an ontario law school. this application, other admission materials and a personal profile for the university of windsor, may be obtained from: the ontario law school application service p.o. box 1328, 170 research lane guelph on n1g 5e2 telephone: 519-823-1940 fax: 519-823-5232 website: www.ouac.on.ca/olsas what is the deadline? may 1 when are decisions made? the admissions committee will begin the review of applications after the may 1 deadline. admitted students: once you have been admitted, information will be sent regarding the next steps to take in accepting your offer. also, all information can be found at: https://www.uwindsor.ca/law/admitted-students share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
