https://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/346/admission-requirements
admission requirements | faculty of graduate studies skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news faculty of graduate studies future students future students graduate programs winter term 2022 admission requirements tuition fees apply future students faq future students graduate programs winter term 2022 admission requirements tuition fees apply future students faq follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home faculty of graduate studies future students admission requirements admission requirements the following admission requirements are applicable to all graduate programs at the university of windsor. applicants must also review any additional admission requirements listed by program in each program's profile in the graduate programs directory admission average minimum admission average for all graduate programs: masters programs: minimum 70% - more details on masters admission requirements on the graduate calendar ph.d. programs: minimum 77% - more details on ph.d admission requirements on the graduate calendar possession of the minimum requirements does not ensure admission. the actual admitting average varies and can be competitive depending on the program. review specific program details on the graduate programs directory application deadline deadlines vary by program and are noted in each profile on the graduate programs directory application deadlines are for the receipt of complete applications. please allow yourself enough time to complete the application. international candidates should attempt to apply at least six months in advance of their planned enrolment date. to be considered for an entrance scholarship, applicants must submit the full application package for admission into the academic program by the entrance scholarship deadline. application fee application fee: $125 methods of payment credit card (visa, mastercard or american express) important: cvd is required. (what is a cvd?) we cannot process credit card payments over the telephone. if your credit card is declined or invalid, your application will not be processed. when you click "continue", your credit card transaction will be directed to a secure third-party for processing. when your credit card transaction is complete, a onetime viewing of your transaction will display or you can use the email receipt function to keep a copy for yourself. once completed, you will be directed back to your application to view your payment status. interac online payment available for canadian banks and credit unions only. references (confidential report forms) references are required for all programs except for the following: international masters in automotive engineering (masc); master of engineering (meng) programs master of management (mm) you will be required to seek two to three individuals, depending on your program, to provide a reference on your behalf. the number of referees varies by program so make sure you check the individual program requirements. when completing the online application you will be required to enter the full name and contact information for each of your referees. based on the information that you have provided in the online application your referees will be contacted via email to complete a confidential assessment. note: referees are contacted as soon as we receive your graduate application. transcripts once you have submitted your online application you will be emailed with instructions on how to upload your documents. at that point, you are only required to upload unofficial transcripts, including the grading scale or transcript legend, of all postsecondary schools attended. only those applicants who receive an offer of admission will be required to submit official paper copies of their transcripts. information on how to do so will be included if you have received an offer of acceptance. tests (gre/gmat/english proficiency) graduate record examination (gre) applicants whose academic credentials are difficult to assess may be required to write the gre, administered by the educational testing service, princeton, new jersey, usa. 08540. visit the website at www.gre.org. graduate management admission test (gmat) m.b.a. applicants are required to take the gmat prior to admission. visit the website at www.mba.com. english proficiency pathway program the university of windsor english language improvement progam (elip) (level iii) with a minimum final grade of 75%. visit the website at www.uwindsor.ca/elip english proficiency tests: for applicants whose native language is not english, a satisfactory score on an english proficiency test administered by one of the following institutions is required: test of english as a foreign language (toefl) visit the website at www.toefl.org. michigan english language assessment battery (melab) / now called met offered through the english language institute of the university of michigan. visit the website at lsa.umich.edu/eli. carleton academic english language assessment (cael) visit the website at www.cael.ca. international english language testing system (ielts) - academic visit the website at www.ielts.org. pearson - minimum score 65 for ielts of 6.5, and a minimum score of 68 for ielts of 7.0. visit the website at www.pearsonpte.com duolingo english test - minimum score of 120. visit the website at englishtest.duolingo.com international language academy of canada (ilac) completion of the international language academy of canada (ilac) pathway program level 3.3. visit the website at: https://www.ilac.com/ilac-in-canada/ international centre for english for academic preparation inc. (iceap) for admission to the course-based master of education completion of the iceap toronto education cohort program (pathway program) with an eap certificate and a minimum grade of 70%. visit the website at: http://www.toiceap.ca/ if you are accepted, all test results should be sent directly to: university of windsor office of the registrar-graduate studies division 401 sunset avenue windsor, ontario n9b 3p4 online english language proficiency options: toefl ibt - ets has introduced a solution for students who have been impacted by the coronavirus to take the toefl ibt? test at home until test centers can reopen. testing will be conducted through the use of live remote proctoring serviced by proctoru?. this solutions is only available in the following countries at this time: united states, canada, colombia, france, germany, italy, spain, hong kong (china), and macau (china). ets is working diligently to provide this at home option in other affected areas. further information is available at toeflnews@ets.org. english language proficiency examination score exemptions for applicants whose native language is not english, a satisfactory score on an english proficiency test is required. applicants are exempt from submitting an english language proficiency examination score if any one of the following conditions is true: within the past two years you have completed a university degree at a canadian institution. within the past two years you have completed a university degree at an institution where english was the primary language of instruction, as indicated on our exemption list* *list of exempt countries: anguilla antigua & barbuda australia bahamas barbados belize bermuda botswana british virgin islands cameroon (if medium of instruction was english) cayman islands dominica fiji gambia ghana gibraltar grenada guyana ireland (republic of) jamaica kenya lesotho liberia malawi malta (if medium of instruction was english) mauritius (if medium of instruction was english) namibia new zealand nigeria papua new guinea st. kitt?s & nevis st. lucia st. vincent & the grenadines seychelles sierra leone singapore solomon islands south africa (if medium of instruction was english) swaziland tanzania tonga trinidad & tobago turks & caicos uganda united kingdom u.s.a. vanuatu (if medium of instruction was english) zambia zimbabwe additional documents writing samples, personal profiles, resumes, letters of intent, etc. all supporting documents and supplemental forms required for an application will need to be uploaded into the electronic application system (egas). you will be prompted once you have submitted your online application and paid the application fee. refer to each profile on the graduate programs directory for details about any additional documents that are required. possession of the minimum requirements does not ensure admission. the actual admitting average varies and can be competitive depending on the program. especially for research-based programs, it is important to note that lack of faculty resources due to program over-capacity or similar reasons could also result in rejection and is not related to the merit of the student applying. students interested in applying to a graduate program should contact the department that offers the degree to learn about faculty research specializations and connect with possible research supervisors before applying to see what resources are available to them. please note, if you have tried accessing this page before, please clear all of our browsing data (history, cache, cookies, etc), refresh your browser, and try again after reviewing the application requirements, review the stepwise application instructions share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter grad news your voice counts: take the canadian graduate and professional student survey faculty of graduate studies 2nd annual twitter-based graduate showcase: may 18 2022-23 nserc undergraduate student research awards (usra) deadlines for graduate scholarship competitions 2021-22 canada graduate scholarships - 2022 master's (cgs-m) competition for cihr, nserc or sshrc more news future students faq ask.uwindsor.ca how do i apply? what is the status of my application? i've been accepted. now what? share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
