https://www.uwindsor.ca/52/affiliated-colleges-our-partners-well-rounded-education
affiliated colleges - our partners in a well-rounded education | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor about the university about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges university of windsor about the university affiliated colleges - our partners in a well-rounded education affiliated colleges - our partners in a well-rounded education canterbury college in 1963, the university of windsor became southwestern ontario's first autonomous degree-granting institution. along the way, we've enjoyed affiliations with several smaller colleges that offer an education guided by religious faith and practice. assumption university, founded as assumption college in 1857, was the original predecessor of the university of windsor. assumption university is now a federated partner of uwindsor, offering graduate degrees in pastoral ministry and religious education. canterbury college is a small, anglican college that offers courses in language and culture and christian studies. it also rents off-campus housing to university of windsor students looking for a familial, christian-themed residency. iona college, an interfaith institution, offers undergraduate courses in theology and lay theology with a focus on social justice. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
