https://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/news/all-news
all stories | information technology services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students information technology services information technology services in this section home about us our services getting started authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support home about us our services getting started authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support uwindsor home information technology services all stories ask.uwindsor.ca portal moving to single sign-in for those with uwin ids mar 31st, 2022 ask.uwindsor.ca is an online repository of knowledge base articles for applicants and current students that can be accessed at any time. it offers hundreds of articles ranging from registration information, how to access uwinsite student, to applying to graduate. if someone has a question that does not have an answer, they can post the question for a uwindsor staff member to answer. using a uwin id and password to sign in to ask.uwindsor.ca will soon be available for applicants and students with uwin accounts. starting april 1, uwinsite student will match student records with ask.uwindsor.ca accounts. for current students, if they have an ask.uwindsor.ca account and their uwinsite student record changes due to an activity such as adding a course, or updating a cell phone number, it will prompt the system to check for an email match within ask.uwindsor.ca. for applicants, when they apply to uwindsor with the same email used to set up an ask.uwindsor account, the system will identify a match. in both instances, the student or applicant will receive an email informing them to use their uwin id and password going forward. ?this move to using single sign-in will be more convenient for students. it reduces the confusion between uwinsite student sign-in credentials and ask.uwindsor.ca, while also improving security,? says chris busch, associate vice-president, enrolment management, office of enrolment management. those who do not have an active uwin id can continue to use the credential they created when registering for the ask.uwindsor.ca account. individuals experiencing issues signing in to ask.uwindsor.ca after their accounts have been linked can contact the information technology service desk for help by opening a ticket. video provides instruction in using powerpoint to present in teams mar 29th, 2022 create a more engaging experience in microsoft teams when using the ?present in teams? function to display your powerpoint slideshow. you can use various tools to markup or highlight certain parts of a slide to amplify your information or even play videos from within powerpoint. learn how to better use the ?present in teams? function by watching?this 198-second tech talk video. tech talk is a presentation of it services. each one is a short, practical video tutorial with links to more information. find more tech talks at?uwindsor.ca/its/tech-talk. still time to give input on learning management system selection mar 25th, 2022 the three vendors vying to be the university of windsor?s next learning management system (lms) have provided the campus community a ?sandbox? ? or testing version ? of their systems to showcase their products and allow uwindsor faculty, staff, and students to get a hands-on experience of the look, feel, and function of each. the sandbox sites for the three lms options will be available until april 3 for users to test, provide their insights, and have their opinions included in the evaluation process. visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/lmsreview for instructions to access the sandboxes and links to the feedback form for each system. in appreciation for taking the time to evaluate these systems, for each feedback form submitted by noon on april 4, individuals will have the opportunity to enter a draw for one of more than 30 prizes, including a grand prize draw for the latest samsung galaxy tab 10.5? tablet for those who complete all three vendor evaluation forms. for more information about the lms review and its timeline, visit the lms review website or email lmsreview@uwindsor.ca. online drupal training available for uwindsor website content editors mar 24th, 2022 an online class on april 6 will help staff and faculty who maintain uwindsor websites learn the basics of the drupal content management system. the training session offers content editors the ability to learn how to create web pages and events, upload graphics, use menus, add content blocks, and follow accessibility requirements, says instructor rob aitkens. the hour and a half long class is required for all employees responsible for maintaining uwindsor websites and serves as a refresher for those who may want to improve their skills. the remote drupal 7 web accessibility basic training starts at 1:30 p.m. on wednesday, april 6. sign up is required to attend. university internet inaccessible early thursday mar 22nd, 2022 network improvements by service provider connecting windsor-essex will take the university of windsor?s internet offline thursday, march 24, from 12 to 3 a.m. in addition to the internet access on campus being disrupted, all uwindsor systems will be off-line during the same period, including: uwinsite student blackboard myuwinfo users may have to restart or log in again on various platforms when internet service resumes. if you have difficulties accessing the internet on campus after the outage, contact the it service desk by calling 519-253-3000, ext. 4440. the it service desk opens at 8:30 a.m. on thursday. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? next ? share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
