https://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/2021-11-18/%C2%ADalumnus-remembered-using-his-profession-help-others
?alumnus remembered for using his profession to help others | faculty of engineering skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students faculty of engineering follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin faculty of engineering ?alumnus remembered for using his profession to help others ?alumnus remembered for using his profession to help others engineers must have the ability to solve complex problems, but norm becker has taught us they should be equipped with a full heart too. the university of windsor alumnus always found ways to use his profession to help others ? from his pro bono work everywhere from rural china to the town of lasalle to establishing four scholarships for uwindsor students following in his footsteps. becker passed away in spring 2021 and now, thanks to a memorial scholarship established by his wife, mary ellen, he will continue to inspire the next generation of aspiring engineers. ?norm always had great empathy for students,? says mary ellen. ?he mentored them gladly, began scholarships to support them and included them on some of his many projects when he could. i believe that this scholarship in his name is a very fitting tribute to his memory." the dr. norbert k. becker scholarship in engineering will support upper-year undergraduate students in civil and environmental engineering based on academic excellence, scholastic potential, good character, and community involvement on campus and beyond. dr. becker p.eng. basc ?67, phd ?70 founded and led the becker engineering group of consulting companies and spent more than 50 years contributing to engineering projects spanning north america, the middle east, africa, south america, the caribbean and china. becker never lost touch with the university and as an adjunct professor in the faculty of engineering, he mentored and even hired dozens of uwindsor students. he was also known to invite students and cover their expenses on his pro bono projects across the globe. while creating water filtration systems for villages in the chinese province of shandong, becker and his team of volunteers took time to rebuild a fire-damaged medical clinic that sat unused for more than a year. ?every school-aged child in the village inspected our work daily and charmed us with their smiles,? becker said in a 2018 interview for we magazine. ?i think a few of them may aspire to become engineers themselves.? as a councillor with professional engineers ontario, he developed a comprehensive pro bono action plan focused on mobilizing licensed professional engineers in ontario to become more pro-active in donating their professional services to help charities, service clubs and non-profit organizations implement community projects. he was recognized as an outstanding philanthropist in 2010 by the association of fundraising professionals and in 2011 received uwindsor?s clark award, which recognizes individuals who have increased the profile and reputation of the university. becker was one of 13 students who graduated from the university of windsor?s civil engineering program in 1967. the close-knit group that still meets to this day established the class of 1967 civil engineering scholarship in commemoration of their 50th anniversary in 2017 under becker?s leadership. ?norm was widely respected not only in the windsor area but also across canada and internationally,? says classmate and friend, harold horneck. ?he made a point of giving back to the community and to the engineering profession.? horneck recalls a time when becker undertook repairs and an expansion of a local church. ?he jokingly said that he was doing it to make sure he had all his bases covered,? horneck says. ?kidding aside, numerous worthwhile projects would not have been possible without his generous support of providing pro bono engineering services.? horneck and his classmates made memorial donations to the class of 1967 civil engineering scholarship in memory of becker when they heard of his passing. the group plans to meet in 2022 to celebrate their 55th anniversary. ?we will raise a glass in memory of norm and the others who are no longer with us. we are proud to say norm was our classmate.? donations to the dr. norbert k. becker scholarship in engineering can be made by contacting katie mazzuca, the faculty of engineering?s major gift officer, at 519-253-3000, ext. 5959 or katie.mazzuca@uwindsor.ca. this article was featured in the latest issue of we, the faculty of engineering?s annual magazine. we is distributed annually to alumni, students, faculty, staff and industrial/community partners of the faculty. if you would like to receive we electronically and uwindsor engineering?s quarterly e-newsletters, join the faculty?s mailing list. ? published on nov 25th, 2021 share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
