https://www.uwindsor.ca/alumni/volunteer
alumni cares volunteer program | alumni association skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students alumni association alumni association in this section make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association alumni association volunteer application form upcoming volunteer opportunities volunteer job descriptions benefits & services networking multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding update your information contact us make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association alumni association volunteer application form upcoming volunteer opportunities volunteer job descriptions benefits & services networking multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding update your information contact us uwindsor home alumni association alumni cares volunteer program alumni cares volunteer program launched in january 2021, the alumni cares volunteer program provides opportunities for alumni and friends of the university of windsor to give back to their communities in a meaningful and engaging way. through volunteerism, local and global community outreach and acts of good will, the program seeks to build campus and community partnerships by collaborating to help those in need and supporting the mission of enriching the lives of students and alumni. alumni cares volunteer opportunities detroit river watershed cleanup - april 9th, 10am - 12pm the university of windsor alumni association is proud to support the essex region conservation authority, and the detroit river canadian cleanup in participating to make our local parks a cleaner and safer area for all to enjoy. this cleanup will benefit the community by providing educational experiences about litter and waste, fostering environmental stewardship of the detroit river in participants, cleaning public spaces, improving the aesthetics of the area, and removing trash that could potentially be ingested by pets and wildlife. we will be meeting at mckee park (3026, sandwich st.) at 10 am. if you are interested in volunteering, click here to register! life after 50 volunteer opportunities the university of windsor alumni association has partnered with life after 50, offering various volunteer opportunities. telephone assurance caller - providing a friendly phone call to homebound seniors to ensure safety and general well-being. - calls vary from once a week to 3 times a week, monday to friday between 8:30am and 4:30pm computer one to one - assist members with basic computer skills, cell phone and tablet use. - this can be done by appointment, monday to friday, 9am to 4pm. if you are interested in volunteering, please call or email our volunteer coordinator at mhoevenaars@lifeafterfifty.ca, or call 519-254-1108 x132. alumni snow angels volunteers the university of windsor alumni association has partnered with the city of windsor's snow angels program to help members of the community who need it most during the winter months. the snow angels program has been running for 20 years and many residents rely on the service provided by volunteers. recently, snow angels' volunteer numbers have dropped which means that people like you are needed more than ever. this program has the potential to help over 400 residents of windsor with their snow removal needs. we thank you for your interest in this program and applaud your willingness to help those in the community who need it most. visit the alumni snow angels volunteer website to learn more and register to volunteer. give blood and help save a life. join the alumni association's partner for life team with canadian blood services. the alumni association is a canadian blood services? (cbs) partner for life. as alumni, your donation can count towards our pledge of 50 blood donations in 2021. friends of the alumni association and university of windsor can also donate to our pledge. visit the alumni cares blood donation website to learn more and book your appointment. become a regular alumni association volunteer the alumni association is always seeking positive, energetic individuals who would like to volunteer. the association has a variety of volunteer opportunities to suit different passions, skill sets and interests. if you have the time to commit to giving back to the university of windsor, have received a degree, diploma or certificate in a certified program of one year or more from the university of windsor or if you're a current student, the alumni association has an opportunity for you. to receive information on all alumni association volunteer opportunities, use the button below to complete a volunteer application. apply to volunteer benefits of volunteering with the association by volunteering with the alumni association, individuals reap the following benefits: make a difference at the university of windsor and in your community network and connect with like-minded individuals in the community and meet new people learn new skills gain confidence be a part of the local community take on a new challenge have fun upcoming volunteer opportunities the alumni association offers a variety of volunteer opportunities for alumni, students and community members. use the button below to learn more about our current volunteer opportunities. volunteer opportunities for more information on what these volunteer roles entail, review the alumni association volunteer job descriptions. have questions? to discuss volunteer opportunities or to get more information, contact rob janisse at (519) 253-3000 ext. 4055 or email to robj@uwindsor.ca. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
