http://www.uwindsor.ca/humankinetics/309/alumni
alumni  | faculty of human kinetics skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk faculty of human kinetics faculty of human kinetics in this section welcome department of kinesiology lancers athletics lancers recreation alumni hk graduates by year where we live where we work alumni profiles connect with us support hk social media centre for human performance and health contact kin hk newsletter hk strategic plan welcome department of kinesiology lancers athletics lancers recreation alumni hk graduates by year where we live where we work alumni profiles connect with us support hk social media centre for human performance and health contact kin hk newsletter hk strategic plan uwindsor home faculty of human kinetics alumni alumni we want to celebrate you! we are making efforts to ensure that we maintain contact with former students from the time they cross the stage through to the next phases in life. we recognize that we have not done a good enough job to this point. we will be committing time and resources to tell your success stories. we would like to cultivate a cyclical relationship with our past, present and future, students, faculty and staff. stay posted to this website and our social media feeds to find out how we are trying to engage with you. if you have not heard from us, or your uwindsor alumni association, please ensure that your contact information is up to date. update your contact information through the alumni association alumni and donor update form. more photos from the event can be found on the university of windsor hk/ kinesiology facebook page share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
