https://www.iheartradio.ca/am800
am 800 cklw | windsor?s information station iheartradio for you my stations live radio podcasts artist radio playlists news features events videos contests subscribe sign up for breaking news alerts or the am800 daily newsletter subscribe to a newsletter ? logo news alert subscription * * * select the newsletters you would like to subscribe to am800 breaking news alerts sign up for am800's breaking news alerts and stay in-the-know! receive alerts for local news, traffic, weather, sports and other breaking events. am800 daily receive a daily recap on the local news in windsor-essex and other major stories. by ticking this box i agree to receive the chosen newsletter, including promotional, programming, marketing and other survey emails. i understand i can withdraw my consent to any of the aforementioned items at any time. 1640 ouellette ave, windsor on n8x 1l1 - 519-258-6222 - contact@am800cklw.com - : contact@am800cklw.com iheartradio contact us logo am 800 11?c facebook twitter instagram 10800 sms* user login edit profile log out shows news audio contests newsletters news poll events am800 the evan solomon show the shift with patty handysides ctv windsor newscast the best of john moore john moore bill carroll the best of elias makos elias makos the evan solomon show ctv windsor newscast ctv national news the late showgram david cooper the morning drive the dan macdonald show the evan solomon show the shift with patty handysides top stories flair airlines launching two more direct routes out of windsor airport flair has announced it will be adding direct routes to montreal, quebec and halifax, nova scotia, beginning in july local education staff being hit by covid-19 cases president of osstf district 9 education support staff tyler campbell joined am800's the morning drive on tuesday morning, and says two weeks out from march break they're seeing levels of absenteeism among staff at an all time high oshawa investment should have spinoff impacts for windsor-essex windsor-essex has long been known as the automotive hub for canada, and experts believe there will be an impact from the oshawa investment on tool and die makers here ukraine red cross news view all ontario promises october minimum wage increase to $15.50 ontario's progressive conservative government says it plans to raise the minimum wage by 50 cents as of oct. 1. ontario to soon offer fourth doses to 60+: health minister ontario's health minister says the province plans to soon make fourth doses of covid-19 vaccines available to residents aged 60 and older. flair airlines launching two more direct routes out of windsor airport flair has announced it will be adding direct routes to montreal, quebec and halifax, nova scotia, beginning in july 46 covid-19 cases currently in windsor-essex hospitals, with three in icu the windsor-essex county health unit also reports 106 new high risk cases along with another local death tiger woods says he's planning to play the masters the five-time champion at augusta national says he'll play nine more practice holes tomorrow before making a final decision pack-a purse drive asking members of the public to donate purses with essential items lifetimes on riverside is asking members of the public to donate purses containing essential items in support of the hiatus house during the month of april province welcoming seasonal workers for growing season as fruit and food producers reach growing season, ontario is welcoming seasonal foreign workers back into the province local education staff being hit by covid-19 cases president of osstf district 9 education support staff tyler campbell joined am800's the morning drive on tuesday morning, and says two weeks out from march break they're seeing levels of absenteeism among staff at an all time high unifor turns cash over to police in alleged kickback scheme of former president canada's biggest private sector union says it has turned money over to police that its former president allegedly accepted as part of a kickback scheme oshawa investment should have spinoff impacts for windsor-essex windsor-essex has long been known as the automotive hub for canada, and experts believe there will be an impact from the oshawa investment on tool and die makers here oh snap subscribe sign up for breaking news alerts or the am800 daily newsletter subscribe to a newsletter ? logo news alert subscription * * * select the newsletters you would like to subscribe to am800 breaking news alerts sign up for am800's breaking news alerts and stay in-the-know! receive alerts for local news, traffic, weather, sports and other breaking events. am800 daily receive a daily recap on the local news in windsor-essex and other major stories. by ticking this box i agree to receive the chosen newsletter, including promotional, programming, marketing and other survey emails. i understand i can withdraw my consent to any of the aforementioned items at any time. 1640 ouellette ave, windsor on n8x 1l1 - 519-258-6222 - contact@am800cklw.com - : contact@am800cklw.com news poll am800 news authorities work to remove a blockade at the ambassador bridge in windsor, ont., on feb. 12, 2022. (rich garton / ctv windsor) ? sorry it looks like an error occurred. please try again later or check back tomorrow! ? thank you for participating in the am800 news poll! have you reduced contact with friends or family because of differences over issues like covid-19 and politics? yes yes no no vote now latest audio the shift - average home sales price in windsor-essex increases $188,000 over one year charles darwin's 'stolen' notebooks returned 20 years later the shift - flair airlines is launching two more routes out of windsor airport. the shift - do you do your own taxes? listener dilemma: my husband wants me to pretend to be someone else update from local ukraine federation morning drive - birthdays and anniversaries april 5 morning drive - cyber security morning drive - tiger woods at the masters contests view all backyard refresh enter for your chance to win a $10,000 backyard refresh courtesy of lfx supply centre! cirque du soleil weekend away! win a weekend away in toronto to see kurios by cirque du soleil! birthdays and anniversaries am800 birthday and anniversary announcement submissions the morning drive the dan macdonald show the shift with patty handysides the evan solomon show events view all be a donor month over 1,600 people are waiting for a organ transplant in ontario today. every 3 days, someone will die because they didn?t get a transplant in time. take 2 minutes to change someone?s life. register your consent to organ and tissue donation at beadonor.ca. click here for more info the piano men dinner show- new date **new date- this show has been rescheduled from february 5th, 2022 to april 9th, 2022** in the mood for dinner and a show? the saint clair college centre for the arts has got you covered. on april 9th in the alumni skyline ballroom, enjoy the musical stylings of the piano men featuring the music of elton john and billy joel, accompanied by a delicious four course meal. click for more info noah's house charity gala join noah's house on april 22nd at 6:00pm for their 1st annual mental health gala at st. clair centre of the arts. all proceeds from the gala will go towards providing free counselling, an accessible youth centre, and much more to youth in the community. click for more info kingsville seniors' expo on april 28th, 9am-12pm the kingsville seniors' expo is taking place at the kingsville community centre. see a wide- range of exhibitors with informative and supportive information, interactive displays, products and entertainment. admission is free and the first 50 visitors receive goodie bags! click for more info group element am 800 footer contact us shows contests news audio events logo am 800 am 800 contact information 1640 ouellette avenue windsor on n8x 1l1 phones studio/contest lines 519-792-2559 news tips 519-253-9494 email newscentre@am800cklw.com website facebook twitter instagram 10800 sms* user login edit profile log out ontario promises october mini? ontario promises october minimum wage increase to $15.50 group footer en iheartradio facebook twitter youtube instagram iheartradio for you my stations live radio podcasts playlists news features events contests contact iheartradio 299 queen street west toronto on m5v 2z5 phone websites iheartradio terms and conditions iheartradio privacy policy contact us political ad registry get the apps google play apple store
