https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/tags/anna-kirby
anna kirby | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews uwindsor home dailynews anna kirby the new campusgo app offers accurate and convenient wayfinding of the uwindsor campus. smart campus technology and app support easier wayfinding at uwindsor oct 28th, 2021 the new campusgo app offers accurate and convenient wayfinding of the uwindsor campus. tags: jennie atkins anna kirby emmeline ventimiglia facility services it services university restructuring finance and operations nov 10th, 2020 the university of windsor will be proceeding with an organizational restructuring to create the role of vice-president, finance and operations. tags: sandra aversa gillian heisz anna kirby finance the university of windsor has signed on to the united nations principles for responsible investment. university signs on to principles for responsible investment jun 15th, 2020 the university of windsor has signed on to the united nations principles for responsible investment. tags: robert gordon anna kirby gillian heisz the university?s administration has issued a reminder that only those who have been deemed to be performing essential services should be in workplaces and facilities. memo updates guidelines for workplace access may 27th, 2020 reminder: only those deemed to be performing essential services should be in campus workplaces and facilities. tags: douglas kneale michael siu rita lacivita anna kirby president announces appointments apr 19th, 2018 university of windsor president alan wildeman has announced that prof. jeff berryman has agreed to take on the role of acting provost and vice-president, academic. prof. berryman is currently in the third year of his term as associate vice-president, academic, and is an internationally renowned legal scholar, a distinguished university professor, and professor of law. he previously served as dean of the faculty of law at the university of windsor. tags: alan wildeman douglas kneale jeff berryman cheryl collier sandra aversa anna kirby alumnus to head information technology services apr 21st, 2017 ryan kenney will take up an appointment as executive director of information technology services effective may 1. tags: ryan kenney douglas kneale anna kirby joan dalton it services videos record presentations by candidates to head it services apr 3rd, 2017 the two short-listed candidates for executive director of information technology services outlined their visions of its priorities, challenges, and opportunities last week, and the search committee to fill the position invite comment from the campus community. video recordings of the presentations by ryan kenney and anna kirby are available for viewing on the search website, along with their curricula vitae. the page is password-protected and can be accessed only with a uwin id and password. tags: ryan kenney anna kirby it services executive director of campus services to act as head of its dec 18th, 2015 anna kirby, executive director of campus services, will take on the responsibility of acting executive director of information technology services effective january 11. she succeeds bala kathiresan, who is leaving uwindsor for an appointment as president of bcnet, a not-for-profit, shared information technology services organization governed by british columbia?s higher education and research institutions. provost douglas kneale expressed confidence that kathiresan will prove an asset to bcnet. tags: anna kirby douglas kneale bala kathiresan it services dave mcewen leona lambombarbe shows off the mediterranean grill and burger bar stations in the marketplace food court. health and choice key concepts driving changes in food services sep 14th, 2015 changes to food services on campus this fall are driven by the keywords healthy and choice. tags: food services anna kirby the university has provided several transportation options for commuters to the pitt/ferry building, including the parking garage to the west, at the top of this photo. university announces transportation options for downtown campus jun 18th, 2015 a mix of secured parking and enhanced transit options will provide convenient access to users of the uwindsor?s downtown campus opening this fall. tags: anna kirby 1 2 3 next ? share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
