https://womenoffisheries.org/announcing-the-winners-of-the-2022-women-of-fisheries-gives-back-award/
announcing the winners of the 2022 ?women of fisheries gives back!? award - women of fisheries skip to content women of fisheries supporting women in fisheries science email women.of.fisheries@gmail.com women of fisheries, inc. menu about us officers and board social media committee initiatives women of fisheries gives back! award voices share your story women of fisheries nomination form events meetings fisher adventure classic information happy hours resources shop chelsey crandall announcing the winners of the 2022 ?women of fisheries gives back!? award posted on february 9, 2022february 9, 2022 thank you to everyone who has made our first award possible! it was an amazing pool of applicants, and thanks to a generous matching donation by dr. carole-anne gillis we were able to give two awards this year! learn more about our winners and how they will use the award below. congrats to jenna ruzich! ?i first became interested in the field of fisheries after completing an internship with the minnesota (mn) department of natural resources (dnr) fisheries department; working with walleye on mille lacs lake and conducting lake ibi surveys throughout mn during the summer after my sophomore year of undergrad. i continued pursuing my newfound interest in fisheries through a second internship with the mn dnr fisheries department the following summer in duluth, mn working on inland lakes and lake superior tributary streams. i graduated with a bachelor of science degree in biology from the university of minnesota duluth (umd) in 2015. i went on to work for michigan state university at their sturgeon stream-side hatchery and research station in michigan the summer after i graduated; coming back to umd the following fall to work as a research and lab technician studying zebrafish in the development biology lab i worked in as an undergrad. to further my interests, gain research experience, and better set myself up for a career in the field of fisheries, i attended graduate school at the university of wisconsin stevens point (uwsp) starting the summer of 2016. i worked on two research projects including: ?minimal effects to genetic diversity and population structure in seven fish species isolated by a hydroelectric dam? (my thesis project; published 2019) and ?smallmouth bass in the lake michigan and upper mississippi river drainages relates to habitat, distance, and drainage boundaries? (published 2020). i graduated with a master of science degree in natural resources (fisheries emphasis) from uwsp in 2018. after graduate school i went on to pursue seasonal experiences with the natural resources research institute (nrri) working on a lake superior coastal wetlands monitoring project, and the minnesota pollution control agency (mpca) conducting stream ibi surveys. i landed my first full-time permanent fisheries job in 2020 with the university of minnesota (umn) working as a research scientist and lab manager in dr. gretchen hansen?s fisheries systems ecology lab. this is where i currently work and continue to pursue my fisheries interests: investigating multiple aspects of research, conservation, and management, including understanding how robust ecosystems can be maintained, created, or restored for future generations in the face of challenges, such as habitat degradation and exploitation, environmental variability, and invasive species. one of my most fond fisheries memories throughout my diverse experiences has been electrofishing for lake sturgeon on the saint louis estuary of lake superior for a week in duluth, mn, assisting a fellow uwsp graduate student with his research project. my favorite fish species is lake sturgeon, and i love electrofishing, so putting those two things together; watching sturgeon swim and surface all over the river (sometimes popping up right in front of you), chasing them around, trying to then haul them into the boat, and then getting to handle and take scientific information from them, all in the name of science, was absolutely amazing and awesome!? jenna will be using this award to help with costs associated with attending either the upcoming 2022 jasm meeting in grand rapids, mi or the 2022 afs meeting in spokane, wa. this will help her further her professional development and keep her involved in fisheries research. congrats to danielle orrell! images clockwise from left: photo of danielle by jonathon holt, photo of danielle by kirsty jones, photo of danielle assisting on a galapagos shark tagging project off mozambique (all work conducted under permit) by mark ziembicki ?my name is danielle and i am a 4th year phd student at the university of windsor readying myself for the job market when my phd ends in august 2022. i started scuba diving in 2013, and since then qualified as a bsac dive leader and assistant dive instructor, after my phd ends, i am hoping to continue my diving journey. i have had to take a break from furthering my scuba qualifications as i currently live in central canada without any transport. i aim to further this skill to support my job search after my graduation, and to do so i need to purchase equipment, including a wetsuit which is what i would purchase with this scholarship. during my time in remote communities, i regret not having my instructor qualification as this would have provided an opportunity to support programs which aim to offer local community members and school groups the opportunity to learn to dive. scuba diving is an expensive hobby, and for many inaccessible. i am a firm believer that by fostering a bond between individuals and their local environment using scuba diving this increases environmental stewardship and adherence with fisheries management and conservation objectives which aim to conserve these very environments. i began my journey into fisheries since in 2013 when i started my degree in marine biology at the university of liverpool and volunteered and worked with the cromarty firth fisheries trust in northern scotland for 4 summers. this work involved supporting electrofishing, electrobugging and other population sampling techniques to support the fisheries trust. after my bachelors i undertook my masters (mres) in ecology and environmental biology at the university of glasgow (2016-2017). since then, i have worked on understanding local fisheries in small communities alongside local people, universities, ngos and governments in locations including the bahamas, the arctic, africa and most recently, ascension island. my phd research is focused on studying the spatial and dietary ecology of two recreationally important fishery species in the nearshore waters surrounding ascension island. with the support of local government and community members i was also able to collect food web samples which will provide the first blueprint of the ascension island nearshore foodweb which is critical for its management. during this time, i formed strong local partnerships and friendships which lead me to finally come to terms with and accept my sexuality. since coming out as a bisexual woman i have tried to become a strong advocate for lgbtqia2s+ representation in fisheries science by speaking on a podcast (the fisheries podcast) and forming a group for lgbtqia2s+ identifying students at the university of windsor. in the future i hope to continue this advocacy while working in the field of marine science which will have direct fisheries management applications.? posted in uncategorized post navigation women of fisheries literature roundup be an ally to black women in fisheries science help support our mission! click the button below to make a quick one-time or monthly contribution to the women of fisheries, inc. funds will be used solely to fund our many initiatives for supporting women in fisheries. we are a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization, so your contribution is tax deductible. thank you! search for: recent posts fish sister profile: lynn mattes, from fisheries observer to management and policy get hooked on these women-founded businesses that give back thinking outside the box, keeping it inside the family be an ally to black women in fisheries science announcing the winners of the 2022 ?women of fisheries gives back!? award archives march 2022 february 2022 january 2022 december 2021 november 2021 october 2021 september 2021 august 2021 july 2021 june 2021 may 2021 april 2021 march 2021 february 2021 january 2021 december 2020 november 2020 october 2020 september 2020 categories discussions diversity events general profiles research highlights resources uncategorized voices | theme: consultant lite by thememattic join our mailing list! enter your email address to get notifications of new women of fisheries blog posts and announcements. don't worry, we won't ever spam or share your information! send holler box
