https://www.uwindsor.ca/viewmagazine/node/286
a passion for nursing: alumna earns recognition for professional practice | view magazine university of windsor alumni magazine features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs search form search features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs monday, december 9, 2019 - 19:01 a passion for nursing: alumna earns recognition for professional practice by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 7:01pm uwindsor?s elizabeth dillon bscn ?19, has received the excellence in professional nursing practice at the undergraduate student level from the council of ontario universities programs in nursing alumni profile monday, december 9, 2019 - 19:01 sarah sacheli throughout her academic career, elizabeth dillon demonstrated a passion for nursing. that passion is still going strong as the recent uwindsor alumna embarks on her career, working full-time in the pediatric intensive care unit at children?s hospital of michigan while also working part-time in the emergency department of windsor regional hospital. ?i don?t sleep much,? dillon said with a laugh. dillon, who just turned 23, graduated to many accolades. not only did she have the michigan job offer before graduation, dillon won the council of ontario university programs in nursing (coupn) award for excellence in professional nursing practice at the undergraduate student level. upon passing her national council licensure examination on the first try, dillon was awarded an intern designation from the de souza institute for continuing education in cancer and palliative care. she completed the 100 hours of courses for the designation while working toward her bachelor of science in nursing at the university of windsor. ?elizabeth is a truly remarkable student who has had a very large impact on the students in our program and on the faculty,? wrote susan dennison, uwindsor?s clinical practice learning specialist, and lacey ecclestone, clinical lab co-ordinator, the two instructors who nominated dillon for the coupn award. ?everyone ? faculty, staff and students ? knows elizabeth and can attest to her commitment to nursing. she is such an excellent role model, we cannot think of anyone more suitable to be recognized for this award.? dillon was the vice-president of the nursing society. she was a peer mentor in the nursing faculty?s clinical learning centre, a position she earned through her excellent grades. she also served on the faculty?s medication and patient safety advisory committee, and on the curriculum committee. she was involved in student recruitment, participating in the ontario universities? fair each fall representing the university and the faculty of nursing at the event for prospective students. she participated in both the fall and spring open house, giving incoming students tours of the nursing facilities and talking to them about the program. ?she does not get involved just to build a resum?,? dennison said. ?she is sincerely passionate about nursing and education.? coupn, said dillon, ?exemplifies how to put nursing theory into practice? and ?has demonstrated leadership and a passion for nursing far beyond her years.? the windsor native said she was both honoured and excited to learn about the award. she said she would not have traded her uwindsor experience for anything. ?the faculty has been so supportive in allowing me to be involved in so many other things,? she said. ?no other nursing program in ontario was going to give me what i got here.? ontario universities graduate more than 4,500 nursing students each year. coupn handed out seven awards this year to students, teachers, researchers and mentors across the province. dillon said getting her intern designation from the de souza institute was an important goal. ?as a nurse, i see the whole spectrum of cancer care from a new diagnosis to end-of-life care and i am better able to provide for these patients after this designation.? dillon?s investment of time and effort showcases her commitment to nursing excellence, said the institute?s executive director, mary jane esplen. ?her knowledge and confidence facilitated a smooth transition from a recent graduate to a registered nurse who tends to patients with high acuity,? dr. esplen wrote in a letter announcing the accomplishment. founded in 2008 by the ontario government, the de souza institute provides health-care professionals expertise in cancer and palliative care. share facebook twitter linkedin email related feature uwindsor in reel time by: idahary, dec 11 2019 - 4:58pm feature continue to learn. continue to lead. continue to grow. continue at uwindsor. by: idahary, dec 11 2019 - 4:52pm campus highlights federal minister on hand for grand opening of essex core science facility by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:41pm load more view magazine is produced by the university of windsor office of public affairs in tandem with the office of alumni and donor communications. our goal is to connect and inspire the uwindsor community through news and stories that build pride in our alumni, current students, faculty, staff, donors and friends. view contact view subscribe to view advertise in view (print edition) view credits and information alumni association board of directors links university of windsor home page university of windsor alumni association place of promise search form search popular tags fall 2018 university of windsor view october 2019 fall view 2010s 2000s 1990s 1980s 1970s marriages births fall 2017 in memoriam 1960s fall 2015 spring 2017 spring 2016 fall 2016 1950s uwindsor ? 2017 university of windsor
