https://www.uwindsor.ca/a-place-to-listen-and-to-be-heard
a place to listen and to be heard | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student life out in windsor student life around the university residence food athletics and recreation student government student support office of student experience campus bookstore accessibility services health services international life lancer talent lancer varsity athletics university players soca performances and concerts cjam 99.1 out in windsor getting around dining fine arts music theatre entertainment student life around the university residence food athletics and recreation student government student support office of student experience campus bookstore accessibility services health services international life lancer talent lancer varsity athletics university players soca performances and concerts cjam 99.1 out in windsor getting around dining fine arts music theatre entertainment university of windsor student life out in windsor a place to listen and to be heard a place to listen and to be heard if music is the heartbeat of a city, windsor has a pulse all its own. the university boasts an active performance program with concerts and recitals by students and faculty members both on- and off-campus. the school of creative arts (soca) organizes a wind ensemble, a jazz ensemble, and a percussion ensemble, as well as several vocal groups?including the women?s chamber choir, national winner in its category of the 2008 cbc radio choir competition. many of the university?s music instructors perform professionally with the windsor symphony orchestra, whose musical excellence has earned a number of awards and accolades?most recently a juno nomination for its recording of peter and the wolf and last minute lulu, a new work with music composed by music professor brent lee. among the other important contributors to windsor?s music scene are the windsor folk music & arts society, which sponsors a series of concerts and open-mic events the carrousel of nations, a celebration of the region?s cultural diversity caesars windsor windsor?s nightlife is renowned for its vibrant downtown, home to many dance clubs. however, the city provides opportunities to hear live music too, from the wfcu centre, a 6900-seat concert and entertainment venue to the st. clair centre for the arts with its spectacular views of the detroit skyline; from caesar?s windsor, which books headline acts from around the world to intimate caf? spaces like the 60-seat phog lounge?whose indie line-up earned it the title "best live music club in canada" in a nationwide poll on cbc radio 3. and no discussion of windsor?s music scene would be complete without mentioning the benefits afforded by proximity to detroit. the motor city gave rise to the motown and techno sounds, and has produced artists as varied as madonna and eminem, aretha franklin and the white stripes, bob seger and ted nugent. the city is home to the detroit symphony orchestra and the detroit opera house. its theatres and concert halls?including the fisher, the fox, the masonic temple, the fillmore detroit, the music hall centre for the performing arts, and saint andrews hall?make it a destination for every major music tour. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
