http://www.apparmor.com
apparmor - home
 home products apparmor safety custom branded mobile safety apps. apparmor report comprehensive incident reporting system. apparmor workalone lone worker safety app platform. apparmor alert unified mass notification system. apparmor command command, control, and communications platform. apparmor covid-19 vaccine passports and user screening. apparmor academia integrated school-wide engagement apps. industries higher education healthcare corporations k-12 school districts transit agencies government agencies police and sheriffs case studies covid-19 response hurricane evacuation statewide alerting major events anonymous reporting nz terrorist incident campus emergencies healthcare safety rave mobile safety contact free trial the market standard in safety apparmor and rave provide the most comprehensive solution for mass communications and incident response for your organization. apparmor develops custom branded end user safety, incident reporting, and lone worker apps for hundreds of organizations across the globe. millions of people trust apparmor to help keep them and their people safe in a crisis. start free trial learn more say hello to apparmor watch this quick video to learn about our team and our products. covid-19 screening and vaccine passports learn how apparmor is helping organizations respond and manage the covid-19 pandemic. learn more> technology to make people safer our 6 product lines help individuals stay informed and safe in important situations. whether that's a safety app at a school or an emergency notification system for your company, apparmor is here to help you protect your team. apparmor safety custom branded mobile safety apps with over 50 powerful features that keep your community informed and protected. learn more ? apparmor alert a unified emergency notification system that aggregates over 12 forms of digital alerting. learn more ? apparmor command a powerful command and control platform for emergency operation centers and response teams. learn more ? apparmor report advanced incident reporting platform that automatically routes reports to the right stakeholders. learn more ? apparmor workalone automated working alone check in system that alerts your team or a third party in a crisis. learn more ? apparmor academia integrated instutition mobile apps that inspire your community to stay engaged and motivated. learn more ? ?i can't think of any other company that has been as easy and beneficial to work with.? ed posey, university of florida safety across industries apparmor works with organizations in a number of different industries in countries across the globe. below are the major categories in which we work, complete with examples of our platform in production use in those industries. higher education apparmor works with hundreds of higher education institutions across the globe for emergency alerting, personal safety, and safety abroad apps. learn more ? healthcare apparmor has partnered with numerous healthcare authorities in the us and canada to provide innovative solutions to complex problems. learn more ? corporations apparmor entreprise-level deployments with major corporations help organizations improve business continuity and emergency response. learn more ? k-12 school districts apparmor helps k-12 school districts with innovative panic button and reporting tools to help prevent and respond to tragedies. learn more ? goverment agencies apparmor works with local, state, and federal governments for mass notification systems and service aggregation apps. learn more ? police departments apparmor safety apps are customized with police forces across the us to engage their communities and aggregate services. learn more ? a global company trusted by millions the award-winning apparmor systems are in use by hundreds of clients and millions of users across the globe. learn more about our products and how they can help your team. learn more ? partners corporate partner of safety apparmor has teamed up with some of the best organizations who share our goal of making the world a safer place. come visit us at their annual conferences. try any apparmor product for free try for free innovators of public safety. products apparmor safety apparmor alert apparmor command apparmor report apparmor workalone apparmor academia industries higher education healthcare corporations k-12 school districts government agencies police resources privacy security hosting sms terms sustainability partners company blog about contact location careers ? 2022 apparmor. a division of cutcom software inc. if you were looking for the open source security component called apparmor, go to suse.com
