https://www.uwindsor.ca/parking-services/310/appeal-procedure
appeal procedure | parking services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students parking services parking services in this section parking on campus students faculty & staff visitors accessible parking parking for downtown campus parking regulations appeal procedure ask a question campus map parking on campus students faculty & staff visitors accessible parking parking for downtown campus parking regulations appeal procedure ask a question campus map uwindsor home parking services appeal procedure appeal procedure 6.1 person receiving a parking violation ticket may appeal however, please read the following before appealing your ticket; appeals must be submitted within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the ticket. appeals submitted after this fourteen (14) day period will not be accepted and payment will be required. grounds for appeal parking services will not consider granting appeals based on the following grounds: ignorance of the parking rules & regulations as found on this website. failure to observe signs posted throughout campus. unauthorized parking for only short periods of time. parking at a failed or expired meter. lack of convenient parking or ?close? parking, running late. someone other than the parking services office personnel told you to park there. inclement weather. incorrect vehicle make, colour, body style, etc. please note that the only piece of vehicle information that must be correct is the licence plate. the only grounds that will be considered are: the ticket was issued incorrectly. the ticket was issued contradictory to the parking regulations. the ticket was issued to an existing permit holder parked in the correct lot. if you feel that you still have extenuating circumstances warranting an appeal, then please see below to write a written appeal for a ticket. the appeal shall be to the parking appeal committee. please complete and forward the attached form (pdf format). 6.2 the appeal shall then be forwarded to the parking office within 14 calendar days of the date of the violation. the appellant shall state specific reasons as to why the violation and fine should be waived or cancelled. 6.3 the parking appeal committee shall review the appeal information. the committee may request additional information from the director of campus services and/or the appellant. a decision shall be rendered by the committee within 7 calendar days of the information. the decision shall be final and binding on the appellant and the university. the appellant will be notified of the decision in writing. contact campus parking services if you have any parking related questions, please contact our office. we are located at: campus parking services joyce entrepreneurship centre, 1st floor (519) 253-3000 ext. 2413 parking@uwindsor.ca office hours: monday - friday 8:00am to 4:00pm share tweet save visitor parking in garage: enter from sunset avenue, south of wyandotte street share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
