https://www.apple.com/legal/
apple - legal global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel legal open menu close menu hardware software sales and support internet services intellectual property more resources apple legal find legal information and resources for apple products and services. hardware warranties before you purchase a new or refurbished hardware product from apple, you may review the terms and conditions of apple?s limited warranty including limitations and exclusions. find your warranty consumer law rights apple?s limited warranty is in addition to your existing consumer law rights. learn about your consumer law rights software license agreements before acquiring apple software or hardware products, you may review the terms and conditions of apple's end user software license agreements. find your software license agreement developer software licensing information is available at apple?s developer website. visit the developer website ethics and compliance apple conducts business ethically, honestly, and in full compliance with the law. learn about our compliance program and policies sales & support details about the policies, terms, and conditions for the purchase, support, and servicing of your apple products. explore sales & support internet services policies and terms that govern apple online services, including apple media services, icloud, and our privacy policy. explore internet services privacy policy apple is committed to your privacy. read our customer privacy policy for a clear explanation of how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. learn how to review any information that may be associated with you. read apple's privacy policy intellectual property apple?s innovation is embodied in its intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, and copyrights. learn about our policies. explore intellectual property more resources information on a variety of additional legal topics, and contact details for any additional questions. explore more resources information about apple bag check class action settlement apple footer ? apple legal hardware and software open menu close menu hardware warranties software license agreements rf exposure more resources open menu close menu overview government information requests contact apple legal global trade compliance supplier provisions filemaker legal information apple bag check class action settlement sales & support open menu close menu overview applecare repair terms and conditions express replacement service remote support terms and conditions sales policies certification agreements and policies training service terms and conditions support communities terms of use internet services open menu close menu overview apple media services terms and conditions itunes gift cards and codes terms and conditions game center terms and conditions icloud terms of service testflight terms and conditions privacy policy website terms of use intellectual property open menu close menu overview guidelines for using apple trademarks and copyrights trademarks rights and permissions piracy prevention unsolicited idea submission policy education open menu close menu apple school manager enterprise open menu close menu apple business manager data transfer agreements more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
