https://www.uwindsor.ca/law/569/application-procedure?elqTrackId=1aa0192617e24f60835aa5a80532e531&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=1503
application procedure | faculty of law skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of law about law admissions event calendar student services faculty & staff alumni make a donation law library news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of law about law admissions event calendar student services faculty & staff alumni make a donation law library news faculty of law in this section about windsor law message from dean bahdi our mission, vision, and values our strategic plan our leadership our history our campus our 50th anniversary transforming windsor law student diversity academic calendar contact us admissions juris doctor (jd) canadian & american dual jd master of business administration/jd master of social work/jd master of laws (llm) event calendar student services career services forms & policies mental health & wellness peer mentorship program faculty & staff faculty directory sessionals and adjunct professors staff directory advocacy & mooting program alumni clinical and experiential learning indigenous initiatives law library clinics community legal aid legal assistance of windsor class action clinic pro bono students canada cities and climate action forum research faculty publications centre for cities indigenous legal orders institute law and technology lab law, disability & social change project national self-represented litigants project transnational law and justice network journals the windsor yearbook of access to justice windsor review of legal and social issues canadian bar review news & communications covid-19 updates building updates faculty news access newsletter < back to homepage about windsor law message from dean bahdi our mission, vision, and values our strategic plan our leadership our history our campus our 50th anniversary transforming windsor law student diversity academic calendar contact us admissions juris doctor (jd) canadian & american dual jd master of business administration/jd master of social work/jd master of laws (llm) event calendar student services career services forms & policies mental health & wellness peer mentorship program faculty & staff faculty directory sessionals and adjunct professors staff directory advocacy & mooting program alumni clinical and experiential learning indigenous initiatives law library clinics community legal aid legal assistance of windsor class action clinic pro bono students canada cities and climate action forum research faculty publications centre for cities indigenous legal orders institute law and technology lab law, disability & social change project national self-represented litigants project transnational law and justice network journals the windsor yearbook of access to justice windsor review of legal and social issues canadian bar review news & communications covid-19 updates building updates faculty news access newsletter < back to homepage uwindsor home faculty of law application procedure application procedure application procedure applicants may apply to the canadian & american dual j.d. program through one of the following two methods: 1. ontario law school application service (olsas); or 2. the law school admission council (lsac). you only need to apply through one service, not both. apply through olsas if you: are living in canada at the time of application; or are living in the u.s. at the time of application and you are also applying to a bachelor of laws (ll.b.) or juris doctor (j.d.) program in ontario, canada. apply through lsac if you: are living in the u.s. at the time of application and you are not applying to a juris doctor (jd) program in ontario, canada; attended an undergraduate institution outside of the u.s. or canada; or are a citizen of neither the u.s. or canada. are not applying to any schools in ontario. a complete application if you apply through lsac would include: application non-refundable application fee personal statement windsor personal profile two letters of recommendation, one non-academic and one academic unless the applicant has been out of college for a number of years. resume since high school lsdas report supplemental form (found in the on-line application) a complete application if you apply through oslas would include: application non-refundable application fee windsor personal profile (found in the on-line application) two letters of reference. if you have attended university within the past three years you are required to submit one academic reference and one non-acadmic reference. if you have not participated in postsecondary education within the past three years, you may submit two non-academic references. supplemental application form (located in the on-line application) share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
