https://www.uwindsor.ca/career-development-experiential/309/appointments
appointments and drop-in hours | career development & experiential learning skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students career development & experiential learning career development & experiential learning get support welcome join us on blackboard career events calendar covid-19 career series get experience vip-community service learning ignite work study job shadow experience windsor-essex career apprenticeship program co-operative education experience maps volunteerism planning your career market yourself & find a job get support appointments and drop-in in-person appointments workshops & webinars peer advising career peer link - your peer career blog events & fairs info for employers office of experiential learning mysuccess contact us post a career opportunity welcome join us on blackboard career events calendar covid-19 career series get experience vip-community service learning ignite work study job shadow experience windsor-essex career apprenticeship program co-operative education experience maps volunteerism planning your career market yourself & find a job get support appointments and drop-in in-person appointments workshops & webinars peer advising career peer link - your peer career blog events & fairs info for employers office of experiential learning mysuccess contact us post a career opportunity uwindsor home career development & experiential learning get support appointments and drop-in hours appointments and drop-in hours meet with a peer advisor quick peer review resume and cover letter appointments already have a resume and/or cover letter written but want a second opinion? book a 20 minute appointment with one of our trained peer advisors. they will meet with you over microsoft teams and provide feedback on the formatting and content of your resume and/or cover letter. this is an especially ideal option if you are planning to apply for a part-time or entry-level role. these appointments are generally available mondays through thursdays from 10am to 2pm during the winter 2022 semester. additional appointment times may be available, so check the mysuccess appointment calendar today. be sure to choose the career advising - cover letter and resume (quick peer review) appointment type when you book. ***please note that drop-in hours will resume in the future after classes are back on campus.*** if you would like a longer appointment or a more thorough review, see below to learn how to book with one of our professional advisors. scheduled appointments with a career advisor looking for help with your job search or need some support to gain clarity about your career goals? our team of career advisors offer 30 minute, scheduled, one-on-one appointments on a variety of career development and job search related topics. *** please note that appointments are currently taking place on the phone or online only. you will be prompted for a phone number when you book an appointment on mysuccess. the career advisor will either be in touch to schedule a microsoft teams meeting or they will call you at the scheduled time at the phone number you provided. interview prep this half-hour career advising appointment gives you the opportunity to discuss strategies and best practices with a knowledgeable, objective party ahead of your interview. mock interview once you've attended an interview prep appointment or completed an "interview tips" workshop, you may schedule an in-person mock interview with a member of the career development & experiential learning team. a mock interview, which takes approximately one hour, gives you an excellent opportunity to practice interviewing with a trained professional who is well versed in the job interview process. cover letter and resume guidance and tips will be provided on the purpose of a resume/cover letter, how they are viewed by potential employers, and the construction and formatting of an eye catching, industry specific resume. you can also bring in your resume/cover letter and a job posting you want to apply to, and receive tips on how to tailor your application to that specific job. curriculum vitae guidance and tips will be provided on the purpose of a cv, when to use one, and the construction and formatting of an eye catching cv for applying to opportunities in academia and research. job search techniques receive information on effective job search techniques. learn how to identify employment goals, match skills and experience, research and access employer information, and develop a personalized job search plan that gets results. linkedin profile critique linkedin can be a powerful tool for networking and connecting with job opportunities. review your linkedin profile with a career advisor and get some guidance and tips on how to enhance it and increase your chances of impressing employers and recruiters in your desired field. personal statements and letters of intent learn more about graduate and professional schools and the purpose of preparing a written personal statement or letter of intent as a part of the application process. explore what needs to go into documents and gain and understanding of how to tailor your work to the specific information each program is looking for. have your statement reviewed for content, style, and professionalism. further education and preparing for professional schools interviews discuss the various options that may exist and explore things you may want to consider when determining program options. if you already intend to apply for additional schooling you can discuss tips for your application materials or have your personal statement reviewed. if you have an admission interview coming up for medicine, law, dentistry, pharmacy, physical therapy, etc. learn how to prepare for school entrance interviews and effectively discuss your skills and experience related to your program of choice. career planning (what can i do with my degree?) discuss what kind of careers you can go into with your major and some viable long-term plans based on your interests, aptitudes, and academic profile. interest/career assessment initial appointment learn more about your interests, skills, and values and how to link them to possible careers. investigate what options are out there in the world of work and gain answers to common career questions like, ?what can i do with my major?? and ?where am i going with my career?? work with a career advisor to develop a plan for how to get there. career exploration program (appointment series) if you are struggling to find a career path that is right for you, looking to become more aware of occupations related to your field, or in need of goal-oriented career planning, participate in this multi-session series of appointments for thorough support and guidance from a career consultant. register for an intake appointment to get started. share tweet save upcoming workshops & drop in advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 advanced resume and cover letter writing thu, 04/07/2022 - 11:30 advanced job search fri, 04/08/2022 - 10:00 introduction to job search mon, 04/11/2022 - 11:30 introduction to cover letters tue, 04/12/2022 - 10:00 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
