https://support.google.com/googleplay?p=appgame_ratings
apps & games content ratings on google play - google play help google play help sign in google help help center community google play privacy policy google play terms of service submit feedback send feedback on... this help content & information general help center experience next help centercommunity google play information for families find family-friendly content apps & games content ratings on google play as a precautionary health measure for our support specialists in light of covid-19, we're operating with a limited team. thanks for your patience, as it may take longer than usual to connect with us. for additional support, consult the help center. apps & games content ratings on google play content ratings for apps and games help you understand an app's maturity. ratings are the responsibility of the app developers and the international age rating coalition (iarc). in south korea, ratings have been approved by the game rating administration committee (grac). how google play uses ratings we use content ratings to: inform you of potentially objectionable content within an app. block or filter your content in certain territories or to specific users where required. what content ratings tell you about an app or game age-based ratings & description content ratings are used to describe the minimum maturity level of content in apps. however, content ratings don't tell you whether an app is designed for users of a specific age. ratings are typically based on a number of factors, including sexual content, violence, drugs, gambling, and profane language. tap read more on an app's details page to see a description of why the app got its rating. interactive features in the "read more" section on the app's details page, you can learn more about the app's interactive features. this includes things like whether an app shares a user's location, or if it allows users to interact with each other. an app's interactive features are separate from its content rating. unrated apps not all apps in the google play store have a rating. unrated apps are treated like high-maturity apps for the purpose of parental controls until they get a rating. if you set up parental controls to restrict apps and games to a certain rating, you won't see any unrated apps in the play store app. to learn more ways to find content that's appropriate for your family, including setting up parental controls, read the parent guide to google play. find content ratings you can find content ratings for apps and games on the app's detail page under the app title. to learn more about an app's content rating, tap read more. this shows more information about the maturity level of the content, and the app's interactive features. where to find content ratings for instant apps to see the content rating for an instant app you?ve used: open the google play store. at the top, search for your instant app. tap the app. tap read more. look for the content rating under "more info." rating standards by country or region north & south america ratings in north & south america are maintained by the entertainment software rating board (esrb). countries antigua and barbuda, argentina, bahamas, barbados, belize, bolivia, canada, chile, colombia, costa rica, cuba, dominica, dominican republic, ecuador, el salvador, greenland, grenada, guatemala, guyana, haiti, honduras, jamaica, mexico, nicaragua, panama, paraguay, peru, saint kitts and nevis, saint lucia, saint vincent and the grenadines, suriname, trinidad and tobago, united states of america, uruguay, and venezuela. ratings rating description everyone content is generally suitable for all ages. may contain minimal cartoon, fantasy or mild violence and/or infrequent use of mild language. everyone 10+ content is generally suitable for ages 10 and up. may contain more cartoon, fantasy or mild violence, mild language and/or minimal suggestive themes. teen content is generally suitable for ages 13 and up. may contain violence, suggestive themes, crude humor, minimal blood, simulated gambling and/or infrequent use of strong language. mature content is generally suitable for ages 17 and up. may contain intense violence, blood and gore, sexual content and/or strong language. adults only content suitable only for adults ages 18 and up. may include prolonged scenes of intense violence, graphic sexual content and/or gambling with real currency. learn more on the esrb website. europe & middle east ratings in europe and the middle east are maintained by pan european game information (pegi). countries albania, andorra, austria, belgium, bosnia and herzegovina, bulgaria, croatia, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, greece, hungary, iceland, ireland, israel, italy, kosovo, latvia, liechtenstein, lithuania, luxembourg, macedonia, malta, moldova, monaco, montenegro, netherlands, norway, poland, portugal, romania, san marino, serbia, slovak republic, slovenia, spain, sweden, switzerland, turkey, united arab emirates, united kingdom, and vatican city. ratings rating description pegi 3 the content of apps with this rating is considered suitable for all age groups. some violence in a comical context (typically cartoonlike - bugs bunny or tom & jerry - forms of violence) is acceptable. a child should not be able to associate the character on the screen with real life characters, they should be distinctly fantasy. the app should not contain any sounds or pictures that are likely to scare young children. no bad language should be heard. pegi 7 any app that would normally be rated at 3 but contains some scenes or sounds that can possibly be frightening for children may be considered suitable in this category. there can only be very mild violence in a pegi 7 app, like implied violence or non-detailed, non-realistic violence. pegi 12 games or apps that show violence of a slightly more graphic nature towards fantasy characters, or non-graphic violence towards human-looking characters or animals would fall in this age category, as well as nudity of a slightly more graphic nature and simulated gambling. any bad language in this category must be mild and fall short of sexual expletives. pegi 16 once the depiction of violence or sexual activity reaches a stage that looks the same as would be expected in real life, this rating is applied. stronger inappropriate language, encouraging the use of tobacco or drugs and depicting criminal activities can be content of apps that are rated 16. pegi 18 the adult classification is applied when the level of violence reaches a stage where it becomes a depiction of gross violence and/or includes elements of specific types of violence (motiveless killing, violence towards defenceless characters or sexual violence). it may also include graphic sexual content, discrimination or the glamorisation of illegal drugs use. parental guidance recommended apps do not always have predefined content that can be classified beforehand. certain apps function as portals (e.g. to stream content), offering a broad, variable range of content from which consumers can choose. for these apps, we use the parental guidance icon, alerting parents that the app may provide access to content that is not appropriate for their child, although other, age-appropriate content may also be available, depending on the selection of the user. learn more on the pegi website germany ratings in germany are maintained by unterhaltungssoftware selbstkontrolle (usk). rating description all ages apps without age restriction feature contents without youth protection relevance. they can be directly aimed at children and young persons but also at an adult audience. for instance, utility programs, product catalogues or tool apps fall into this category as well as social networks in which all user-generated content is being thoroughly reviewed, filtered or moderated. usk: ages 6 and above apps in this category can contain elements that may not be appropriate for pre-school children. they may contain occasional scary moments, a low accumulation of mild cursing or subtle erotic innuendo. if violent imageries are present they remain abstract and are not decisive for the overall product. games in this age category can still be categorized as family-friendly but involve more exciting and competitive aspects. usk: ages 12 and above apps in this category can have an impairing effect on younger children through the inclusion of scary elements, shock effects, some explicit language, sexual contents or occasional violent imageries. games in this category can feature much more of a competitive edge and hectic gameplay. please keep in mind that in social networks or user-generated content might generally contribute to the youth protection relevance. usk: ages 16 and above some realistically designed displays of violence, an accumulation of shock and horror elements, consistently explicit language or apps with an erotic or sexual focus are summarized in this category. games frequently feature armed combat, a framework story and military missions. the genres in this categorization also include action adventures, military strategy games and first person shooter. usk: ages 18 and above among other aspects such as the unquestioned display of drug use for example, realistic and explicit violence is the most common reason for the 18+ classification of these apps. games in this age category virtually always involve violent game concepts that are prominent in the majority of game objectives. learn more on the usk website australia (games only) ratings in australia are maintained by the australian classification board (acb). for games in the play store in australia, the following ratings will be used. for other apps, we'll assign ratings described in the "other countries" category. rating description general the content is very mild in impact. the g classification is suitable for everyone. g products may contain classifiable elements such as language and themes that are very mild in impact. however, some g-classified computer games may contain content that is not of interest to children. parental guidance the content is mild in impact. the impact of pg (parental guidance) classified computer games should be no higher than mild, but they may contain content that children find confusing or upsetting and may require the guidance of parents and guardians. they may, for example, contain classifiable elements such as language and themes that are mild in impact. it is not recommended for viewing or playing by persons under 15 without guidance from parents or guardians. mature the content is moderate in impact. computer games classified m (mature) contain content of a moderate impact and are recommended for teenagers aged 15 years and over. children under 15 may legally access this material because it is an advisory category. however, m classified computer games may include classifiable elements such as violence and nudity of moderate impact that are not recommended for children under 15 years. parents and guardians may need to find out more about the computer game?s specific content, before deciding whether the material is suitable for their child. restricted the content is strong in impact. ma 15+ classified material contains strong content and is legally restricted to persons 15 years and over. it may contain classifiable elements such as sex scenes and drug use that are strong in impact. a person may be asked to show proof of their age before hiring or purchasing an ma 15+ computer game. children under the age of 15 may not legally watch, buy or hire ma 15+ classified material unless they are in the company of a parent or adult guardian. the guardian must be an adult exercising parental control over the person under 15 years of age. the guardian needs to be 18 years or older. restricted the content is high in impact. r 18+ material is legally restricted to adults. such material may contain classifiable elements such as sex scenes and drug use that are high in impact. some material classified r18+ may be offensive to sections of the adult community. a person may be asked for proof of their age before purchasing, hiring or viewing r18+ computer games. learn more on the acb website brazil ratings in brazil are maintained by classind. rating description all ages the content is not harmful to children of any age. it may contain a little very low impact content, such as cartoon violence. rated 10+ some low impact content, especially on younger children. it may contain mildly offensive swearing, weapons, bloodless fights, scary scenes, tobacco/alcohol references, and medicinal use of illegal drugs. rated 12+ low impact content. it may contain swearing, sexual dialogs or references, wounds, bleeding, and tobacco/alcohol consumption. rated 14+ medium impact content. it may contain death, erotic settings, nudity, and inferences of illegal drug consumption. rated 16+ medium impact content. it may contain frequent violence, gore, mutilation, torture, sexual relations, and the consumption of illegal drugs. rated 18+ high impact content. it may contain sadism, cruelty, encouragement or glamorization of drugs/violence, and explicit sexual relations. learn more on the classind website south korea games only the content rating system in south korea is approved by grac. note: games may still be rated with the previous "google play rating" which is used for non-games in korea (see below). in order to get a game rated according to the below rating system the developer needs to take a new rating questionnaire in the play console. rating description for all titles rated all have content that may be suitable for all ages. rated 12+ titles rated 12+ have content that may be suitable for ages 12 and older. rated 15+ titles rated 15+ have content that may be suitable for ages 15 and older. rated 18+ titles rated 18+ have content that may be suitable for ages 18 and older. learn more on the grac website. non-games the content rating system for non-games in south korea is based on the google play rating system. rating description rated 3+ generally suitable for all audiences. note that apps with this rating may not be specifically designed for children. rated 7+ may not be suitable for children under age 7. note that apps with this rating may not be specifically designed for children. rated 12+ may not be suitable for children under age 12. rated 16+ may not be suitable for children under age 16. rated 18+ recommended for mature audiences only. other countries ratings in other areas are maintained by the international age rating coalition (iarc). rating description rated for 3+ suitable for all age groups. some violence in a comical or fantasy context is acceptable. bad language is not permitted. rated for 7+ may contain some scenes or sounds that are frightening for children. mild violence (implied or non-realistic) is permitted. rated for 12+ violence involving fantasy characters and/or non-graphic violence involving human-looking characters or animals is permitted. non-graphic nudity, mild language and simulated gambling are also permitted, but sexual expletives are not. rated for 16+ realistic violence, sexual activity, strong language, use of tobacco and drugs, and the depiction of criminal activities are permitted. rated for 18+ graphic violence, including depictions lacking motive and/or directed towards defenseless characters, and sexual violence are permitted. may also include graphic sexual content, discriminatory acts and/or the glamorization of illegal drug use. learn more on the iarc site. related resources set up parental controls in google play parent guide to google play was this helpful? how can we improve it? yesno submit need more help? sign in for additional support options to quickly solve your issue sign in true find family-friendly content apps & games content ratings on google play require a password or authentication for purchases how to set up parental controls on google play how to report an app on the google play store find family-friendly content in google play ?2022 google privacy policy google play terms of service afrikaans?dansk?deutsch?eesti?english (united kingdom)?espa?ol?espa?ol (latinoam?rica)?filipino?fran?ais?fran?ais (canada)?hrvatski?indonesia?italiano?latvie?u?lietuvi??magyar?melayu?nederlands?norsk?polski?portugu?s?portugu?s (brasil)?rom?n??sloven?ina?sloven??ina?suomi?svenska?ti?ng vi?t?t?rk?e??slenska??e?tina??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? english? enable dark mode send feedback on... this help content & information general help center experience search clear search close search google apps main menu search help center true 84680 false
