http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-02-25/armouries-restoration-garners-heritage-recognition
armouries restoration garners heritage recognition | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews the university of windsor received the lieutenant governor?s ontario heritage award for excellence in conservation, feb. 22 at queen?s park. from left: robert balicsak, principal at colliers project leaders; lieutenant governor elizabeth dowdeswell; architect craig goodman; harvey mccue, chair of the ontario heritage trust; and john coleman, uwindsor director of public affairs and communications. photo by ian crysler. armouries restoration garners heritage recognition feb 26th, 2019 its restoration of the windsor armouries has earned the university of windsor the lieutenant governor?s ontario heritage award for excellence in conservation. the award recognizes exceptional projects in heritage conservation completed, or substantially advanced, over the last year. the entry submitted by the university highlighted the armouries as an example of the adaptive reuse and restoration of a key piece of built heritage in windsor. the transformed armouries now anchors the school of creative arts. the award was presented by ontario lieutenant governor elizabeth dowdeswell and the ontario heritage trust during a ceremony at queen?s park on feb. 22. on hand to receive the award from the lieutenant governor on behalf of the university were craig goodman, principal with cs&p architects; robert balicsak, principal with colliers project leaders; and john coleman, uwindsor?s director of public affairs and communications. ?the university of windsor is proud to honour the history of our city and country and to recognize the men and women who served them,? interim president douglas kneale said. ?the spectacularly restored windsor armouries is both an historical touchstone and a cultural vortex for the community. this award celebrates both our past and our future.? in 2014, the university engaged cs&p architects to re-imagine the armouries as a new space for learning and community engagement, while maintaining the integrity of the building to pay homage to its historic past. in a media release, the ontario heritage trust included this summary of the armouries project and its impact on the community: ?the university of windsor transformed the 1901 windsor armouries, once home to the essex fusiliers, into a state-of-the-art learning centre for the creative arts. the transformation was made possible by the collaboration and co-operation of both the government of ontario and the city of windsor. over a four-year construction period, the restoration of the windsor armouries was carefully undertaken to pay homage to the building?s historical military past. interior and exterior bricks were restored to their original natural red, and localized masonry repair and window replacement was conducted. ?about 500 students, faculty and staff moved into the restored armouries and an adjacent building in january 2018. the restoration is playing a key role in the revitalization and diversification of windsor?s downtown, has given a new focus to windsor?s military history, and has provided significant additional learning space for the creative arts.? the ontario heritage trust is an agency of the government of ontario, dedicated to identifying, preserving, protecting, and promoting ontario?s heritage. the trust serves as the heritage trustee and steward for the people of ontario, and is empowered to conserve provincially significant cultural and natural heritage, to interpret ontario?s history, to educate ontarians of its importance in our society, and to celebrate the province?s diversity. for more information, visit www.heritagetrust.on.ca. john coleman douglas kneale share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
