https://continue.uwindsor.ca/491/arrhythmia-and-12-lead-interpretation-workshop
arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor in this section featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop ? register now ? back to main page this full day workshop is designed for those who have experience in basic lead ii ecg interpretation and wish to learn how to analyze and interpret 12 lead ecgs. it will provide a refresher of arrhythmia interpretation and then will focus on the ?need to know? subjects of 12 lead electrocardiography including basic electrophysiology, a framework for interpretation, a review of the normal 12 lead ecg, abnormalities and recognition of ecg changes seen in myocardial ischemia and infarction. topics include: arrhythmia interpretation basics of the 12 lead ecg ischemic versus myocardial infarction patterns axis deviation and bundle branch blocks hypertrophy and electrolyte imbalances participants will: review the anatomy, physiology, and the conduction system of the heart. perform cardiac arrhythmia interpretation. explain the causes, significance, and treatment modalities of common arrhythmias. correlate the basics of electrocardiography with the anatomy and physiology of the conduction system of the heart demonstrate effective 12 lead ecg interpretation skills: identify st segment elevation and/or depression in a variety of 12 lead ecg examples identify axis deviation, hemi-blocks, electrolyte imbalances, and left ventricular hypertrophy in a variety of 12 lead ecg examples explain posterior, right-side ecg placement in patients presenting with inferior wall injury or infarction on the associated 12 lead ecg prerequisites: this program is designed for healthcare professionals or senior students (nursing or medical) who already have a basic understanding of arrhythmia interpretation and wish to learn more about 12 lead ecg interpretation. there will be a brief review of arrhythmia interpretation before this 12 lead ecg interpretation workshop. participants will receive a certificate of participation upon completion of this workshop. date(s): saturday, april 23, 2022 time: 8:30am - 5:00pm with breaks format: online, live instruction fees: $130+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are entitled to discounts. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for further details. instructor: debbie rickeard, dnp; cne, ccrn, rn is an experiential learning specialist and faculty member at the university of windsor, faculty of nursing. she has a diverse clinical background in the areas of critical care, heart failure, cardiac transplant, and medical surgical nursing. aside from 40 plus years of clinical practice, debbie rickeard has been a clinical educator and faculty at university, and college level as well as an education specialist with a focus on critical care at henry ford hospital in detroit. debbie began teaching at the university as a sessional instructor in the 1990's and became a full-time experiential learning specialist in 2010. content areas taught include medical-surgical classes in the second and third year of the program, anatomy and physiology, pharmacology, simulation, and a fourth-year transition into practice class. aside from teaching and practical experience, debbie has been a certified critical care nurse through the aacn since 1996 and a certified nurse educator through the national league for nurses since 2012. about osap 2021-22 micro-credentials application this program is eligible for the osap 2021-22 micro-credential application (osapmc). participants must be registered into the program prior to applying for osapmc. participants are obligated to pay their fees in full, or decide to withdraw at least one week prior to the course start date should they not receive osapmc. if this is the case, email continue@uwindsor.ca immediately to withdraw and request a refund. register for this program accordingly to allow ample time for your application to be processed. it takes approximately 10-15 business days for the osapmc application to be processed. register now email us at continue@uwindsor.ca if you have questions - we are always happy to help. sign up on our interest list to be notified about enrolment and receive updates from continuing education. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
