http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/research-tools
articles & databases | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library search our collections explore articles & databases search our collections in this section explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy connect with your library articles & databases search or browse for databases across all subject areas. databases are collections of scholarly resources, such as articles, journals, videos, images, primary source materials, and more. we also recommend using omni, our academic search tool, to quickly find individual titles across the library's collection. got a question? get research help! browse a to z list search by database title subject - any -archives & special collectionsartsbiomedical scienceblack studiesbusiness-accounting-finance-human resources & labour studies-international business-marketing-strategy & entrepreneurship-supply chain & business analyticschemistry and biochemistrycommunication, media and filmcomputer sciencecriminologydatadisability studiesdramatic arteconomicseducationengineering-civil and environmental engineering-electrical and computer engineering-mechanical, automotive and materials engineeringenglish and creative writing-american literature-black culture-british literature-canadian literatureenvironmentgisgovernment documentsgreek and roman studieshealth sciencehistory-american history-british history-canadian historyhuman kinetics (kinesiology)-movement science-physical education-sports and leisure managementhumanitiesindigenous studiesintegrative biologylanguages, literatures and culturesmathematics and statisticsmultidisciplinarymusicnursingphilosophyphysicspolitical sciencepsychologysciencessocial sciencessocial worksociology and anthropologyvisual artswomen's and gender studieswork and employment issues type - any -abstracts and journalsappsaudio and videodatadirectories and registriesebooksnews, magazines and periodicalsprimary sourcereferenceresearch metrics and citationstheses and dissertations provider - any -adam matthew digitalalexander street presschadwyck healeychassebscoelseviergalejstorovidoxford university pressproquestscholars portal authorized users - any -alumnieveryonestudents, faculty & staff apply reset 19th century uk periodicals full runs of nearly 600 titles, from the period 1800 to 1900. some titles exist only in a single copy; such is the fragile state of much nineteenth-century printed material. the collection contains over six million... <odesi> <odesi> is a digital repository for social science data, including polling data. it is a web-based data exploration, extraction and analysis tool that uses the data documentation initiative (ddi) social... abolitionist newspapers of the 1850s ontario has a rich history of black publishing. three significant publications are available through the abolitionist newspapers of the 1850s portal: the voice of the fugitive; the provincial freeman, and the true... academic onefile a multi-disciplinary collection of nearly 13,000 titles, including more than 7,300 peer-reviewed journals and more than 5,000 in full-text. coverage of the physical sciences, technology, medicine, social sciences, the... academic search complete a multi-disciplinary database of over 6,000 periodicals, including more than 5,000 peer-reviewed journals. in addition to full text, this database offers indexing and abstracts for more than 10,000 journals and a total... acls humanities e-book over 3000 works of major importance to historical studies on this website. acls is collaborating in this initiative with 20 learned societies and 100 publishers to assist scholars in the electronic publishing of high-... acm digital library every article ever published by acm and bibliographic citations from major publishers in computing. includes journals/transactions, magazines and proceedings. includes the acm guide to computing literature, a... acp (american college of physicians) journal club consists of two journals, acp journal club, a publication of the american college of physicians, and evidence-based medicine, a joint publication of the american college of physicians and the british medical journal... african american music reference coverage of blues, jazz, spirituals, civil rights songs, slave songs, minstrelsy, rhythm and blues, gospel, and other forms of black american musical expression through biography, discography, editorial, encyclopedia,... america's historical imprints contains virtually every book, pamphlet and broadside published in america over a 160-year period. digitized from one of the most important collections ever produced on microform, early american imprints, series i is... america: history and life historical coverage of the united states and canada from prehistory to the present. the database covers 1700 journals, and in addition to its historical coverage, the database includes citations to related materials for... american broadsides and ephemera based on the american antiquarian society's landmark collection of american broadsides and ephemera, this full-color digital edition offers fully searchable facsimile images of approximately 15,000 broadsides... american chemical society journals complete coverage of all titles published by the american chemical society, from 1879 to the present. c&en mobile for the latest chemistry news (if you bypass signing in to acs through one of leddy's webpages... american film scripts online contains over 1,000 scripts by over 1,000 writers together with detailed, fielded information on the scenes, characters and people related to the scripts. in addition, the database includes scanned images for more than... american mathematical society (ams) journals journals of the american mathematical society. the journals have been published since 1891 and cover a broad range of mathematics. in addition to publishing and distributing printed journals, the ams offers searchable... american periodicals periodicals published between 1740 and 1940, including special interest and general magazines, literary and professional journals, children's and women's magazines and many other historically-significant... american physical society journals published by the american physical society including physical review letters, physical review x, physical review, and review of modern physics. american physiological society journals journals published by the american physiological society (aps), a nonprofit devoted to fostering education, scientific research, and dissemination of information in the physiological sciences. american society for microbiology journals journals of the american society's for microbiology, covering the spectrum of microbiology, from molecular and cellular biology to biomedical research and technology. journals are searchable from january 1916 -... american society of civil engineers journals & proceedings full-text of the journals and proceedings published by the american society of civil engineers. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? next ? last ? connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
