http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/525/session/L3RpbWUvMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9nZW4vMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9zaWQvZlVMTlloMHd3cUZnU3dBUG1qaU9rM1NaVFpWZEF2UDZ0JTdFOVY1bnVXOXh3dUNxa0QyeEZEOUZCVkJlTFM3QzJuSTdWMWRYOVdFRE9vakolN0VCTnV4RENPdCU3RVkyYmk3amRqTiU3RU9ZaGpVWU5IbzlKNzJMSWNPSFJQY1ElMjElMjE=
ask.uwindsor - how do i provide my social insurance number (sin)? skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published 10/28/2019 02:17 pm updated 02/01/2022 11:20 am how do i provide my social insurance number (sin)? a student?s social insurance number (sin) is required by uwindsor for: processing of ontario student assistance program (osap) applications and the distribution of funding; preparation of income tax documents for all students awarded a scholarship, bursary or other monetary award; a part of the documentation related to the employment relationship when students are hired for work by the university including employment funded through the work study program; and beginning with the 2019 income tax year, preparation of the t2202 (tuition and enrolment certificate) which is the tuition tax credit form provided to students by the university and may allow a student to reduce any income tax they may owe. to provide your sin: 1. in your web browser, preferably google chrome, go to?www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. click the blue?sign in to uwinsite student?button. 3. on the sign in screen, enter (or select) your uwinid@uwindsor.ca. click the next button. 4. on the enter password screen, enter your uwin account password. click the sign in?button. 5. on the student homepage, click the profile tile. 6. in the left navigation menu, click personal details. 7. on the personal details page, click the add sin button. 8. in the add sin pop-up box, enter your sin in the social insurance number field. your sin must be entered in this format: xxx-xxx-xxx. click the save button. 9. you will receive a ?your social insurance number has been updated successfully? message. click the ok button. 10. on the personal details page, your national id field will now be populated with a masked version of your sin. email this page recipient email * your email * your name * print share facebook twitter linkedin reddit is this answer helpful? yes no published articles what is the uwindsor tuition guarantee? how do i apply to graduate? how do i view my offer of admission to an undergraduate program at uwindsor? how do i set up my student profile? how do i receive an enrolment verification letter? do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 05:49 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
