http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/1/session/L3RpbWUvMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9nZW4vMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9zaWQvZlVMTlloMHd3cUZnU3dBUG1qaU9rM1NaVFpWZEF2UDZ0JTdFOVY1bnVXOXh3dUNxa0QyeEZEOUZCVkJlTFM3QzJuSTdWMWRYOVdFRE9vakolN0VCTnV4RENPdCU3RVkyYmk3amRqTiU3RU9ZaGpVWU5IbzlKNzJMSWNPSFJQY1ElMjElMjE=
ask.uwindsor - what programs do you offer? skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published 05/09/2018 02:16 pm updated 02/16/2022 12:48 pm what programs do you offer? undergraduate programs the university of windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world. at uwindsor, you will have an opportunity to interact with one of our faculties in a moderate small-class sizes, with a supportive learning experience. we offer full-time and part-time for students to complete a degree in one of our undergraduate programs. see undergraduate programs for a description of each program and the admission requirements. graduate programs the faculty of graduate studies offers over 65 graduate programs in various disciplines for both master?s and doctoral levels. at uwindsor, you will have the experience to advance your studies, interact with our faculties to expand your network in our class size that ensure individualized attention, and develop your skills to prepare for successful careers. most students will work with our research supervisor and contribute independent researches that tie to real-world application. see graduate programs to learn more about each of our program and the admission requirements. certificate programs uwindsor offers post-graduate certificate programs for students who may want to focus in a specialized area of study in order to enhance their knowledge and critical skills for a specific industry. students at uwindsor can boost their employability by meeting the employer?s demands and quickly complete their certificate program in less time. we offer certificate and post graduate certificate programs. see certificate programs for more information about our certificate program. exchange program students can participate in an exchange program for one or two semesters as part of their university experience, with an exception of completing 4 four or more semesters of study at the university of windsor. the program will give you an opportunity to expand their academic horizon and immerse a new culture while building a network of friends all over the world. there are over 24 destinations for students to choose from, including australia to the united kingdom. see exchange programs for more information about exchange opportunities. co-operative education program students are given an opportunity to combine academic theory and real-world application. by combining semesters of study with semesters of full-time, paid employment in career-related positions. you will gain hands-on experience related to your academic program, network with employers and professionals, exploring different career options and many others. the co-op program is available to a few undergraduate and graduate programs. see co-operative education services for more information about the co-op. email this page recipient email * your email * your name * print share facebook twitter linkedin reddit is this answer helpful? yes no published articles how do i sign in to uwinsite student? how do i change my name with uwindsor? what undergraduate programs do you offer? how do i get a distinction or great distinction? is there other work experience if my program doesn't have co-op? do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 05:48 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
