http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/results/kw/UWinsite%20Student/page/1/
ask.uwindsor - find answers and discussions skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published articles results 1 - 10 of 452 where can i find my payment history in uwinsite student? payment history data was not carried over into uwinsite student from sis. it can be extracted, however, from the legacy system upon request. for more information about payments... how do i allow pop-ups for uwinsite student? pop-up blockers can interfere with some functions of uwinsite student including offers of admissions, what-if reports, unofficial transcript requests, and self-service letters. to allow uwinsite... how do i sign in to uwinsite student? to sign in to uwinsite student 1. in your web browser, preferably google chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. click the blue sign in to uwinsite student button. 3. on the sign... how do i plan my courses in uwinsite student? planning your classes in uwinsite student you can start planning your classes and adding them to your shopping cart in uwinsite student when the validation period opens. the validation period... how do i upload documents into uwinsite student to support my undergraduate admission application(s)? before you begin uploading document into uwinsite student to support your undergraduate admission application(s) please note the following important points: to do list items will remain ?initiated?... registration is approaching and i can?t add classes to my shopping cart in uwinsite student. what do i do? the most common reason a student cannot add classes to their shopping cart in uwinsite student is because they owe uwindsor more than $12.00. you must pay any outstanding tuition and... i can?t log in to uwinsite student because of an authorization error, what should i do? the error may have occurred, due to the following: the last time you used uwinsite student, you did not log out and/or just closed the web browser. you... how do i validate my courses in uwinsite student? validating your classes in uwinsite student to validate your classes: 1. on the student homepage, click the manage classes tile. 2. click the shopping cart tab in the... i'm a former uwindsor student. how do i access uwinsite student? if you attended uwindsor but did not graduate from the university, you are considered a former student. uwinsite student is uwindsor?s student information platform. former uwindsor students... how do i log in to uwinsite student when i keep getting a ?password expired? message on a blue peoplesoft screen? the blue peoplesoft screen with the ?password expired? message can be encountered if you have used a bookmark or a search engine to access uwinsite student. it can also come up if you did not log out... show more do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 06:38 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
