http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/246/session/L3RpbWUvMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9nZW4vMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9zaWQvZlVMTlloMHd3cUZnU3dBUG1qaU9rM1NaVFpWZEF2UDZ0JTdFOVY1bnVXOXh3dUNxa0QyeEZEOUZCVkJlTFM3QzJuSTdWMWRYOVdFRE9vakolN0VCTnV4RENPdCU3RVkyYmk3amRqTiU3RU9ZaGpVWU5IbzlKNzJMSWNPSFJQY1ElMjElMjE=
ask.uwindsor - how do i activate my uwin account for the first time? skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published 11/26/2018 09:51 am updated 03/10/2022 09:25 am how do i activate my uwin account for the first time? your uwin account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at uwindsor. applicants need to activate their uwin account prior to accessing uwinsite student (undergraduates) or egas (graduates). to activate your uwin account: 1. go to the first-time student/applicant account activation page. 2. enter your student number and pin. (your student number and pin are in your application acknowledgement email from the university of windsor.) 3. click the submit button. 4. your uwin id will be generated. please write it down. 5. create your new password. 6. proceed to the next step. notes: if you are applying to an undergraduate program at uwindsor, you will want to proceed to uwinsite student after activating your uwin account. in uwinsite student you can respond to items in your to do list ? including uploading your documents ? and monitor the status of your application(s). if you need assistance logging in to uwinsite student, please refer to this ask.uwindsor.ca article. as an applicant, you will need to use the applicant homepage in uwinsite student. if you see the my homepage or the student homepage, click the little white arrow beside it and select ?applicant homepage? from the drop-down menu. if you are applying to a graduate program at uwindsor, you will want to proceed to egas after activating your uwin account. in egas you can upload your required documents, finalize the submission of your application and monitor its status. please remember you must wait at least 24 hours from the receipt of your application acknowledgement email before trying to access egas. email this page recipient email * your email * your name * print share facebook twitter linkedin reddit is this answer helpful? yes no published articles how do i sign in to uwinsite student? how do i extend my uwin account? how do i change my name with uwindsor? how do i get a copy of my academic transcript? why am i unable to upload my documents to egas? do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 05:48 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
