https://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/743/kw/743?elqTrackId=426264052eb542bbac713f2a3d20346c&elqaid=697&elqat=2
ask.uwindsor - what is the uwindsor tuition guarantee? skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published 03/23/2021 02:55 pm updated 03/23/2022 09:32 am what is the uwindsor tuition guarantee? the university of windsor?s tuition guarantee allows all international students to be assured of their tuition by seeing stability in base tuition for their program duration. please note: this excludes those covered by the us neighbour rate because it is already a reduced rate. the uwindsor tuition guarantee program places you in a cohort year based on your first term of entry at the university of windsor. each cohort is guaranteed an unchanged tuition rate for the typical length of time required for the degree. how does the uwindsor tuition guarantee work? for undergraduate programs, you will have, 15 consecutive terms to complete your program while still maintaining your current tuition rate. for students coming for a research-based master's program, you will have 9 terms to complete the program. if you are enrolled in a cohort-based master's program will be granted four terms with a 5th term being provided at a per course rate if required. if you are a ph.d. student, you will be granted 18 terms to complete within the guarantee. the goal of the guarantee is to provide financial stability. however, there is also an expectation that you will follow the typical path and timeframe for your program. if you require more terms to finish your program, you will be moved to the cohort that immediately follows the current cohort you are in and will be assessed at that rate. if you are starting in summer 2021 and onward terms you will be automatically assigned a cohort year. if you registered before summer 2021, the university of windsor has committed to freeze all international tuition rates. if you have started your studies at the university of windsor before the summer 2021 term you will not see any increase in your tuition (this does not include incidental fees). a few important items to note: once you begin in a cohort, all terms count toward the allowed terms whether you are a registered student in the term or not. specific exceptions for graduate students taking a permitted leave of absence with an extension will be allowed. you can track which cohort you are in via uwinsite student. if you defer your offer of admission, your cohort will start at the first term of registration. if you complete a general degree and return to complete an honours degree in the same program, you will continue with the original cohort and term counts. changing your program will have no impact on your cohort. your cohort year will remain with your admission to the university, and your terms allowed to completion will remain unchanged. if you move from ft to pt or pt to ft your tuition fees will be reassessed to the rate required by the number of courses registered into, and you will continue within that same cohort. your co-op work terms will still count towards your total term count for your cohort. if you withdraw and re-register you will be assessed the tuition fee of the cohort in which you are re-registered. if you become a permanent canadian resident, you will be charged domestic rates and removed from your cohort. for more information, please visit the cashiers office. related articles: how do i find my tuition fees for this semester? what is the cibc international student pay and how do i use it? as an international student, how do i make a payment to the university of windsor? email this page recipient email * your email * your name * print share facebook twitter linkedin reddit is this answer helpful? yes no published articles how do i find my tuition fees for this semester? how do i pay my tuition? will the university be offering a tuition discount? can i use my scholarship to pay my tuition? is a tuition deposit mandatory for exchange? do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 07:08 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
