http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/202/session/L3RpbWUvMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9nZW4vMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9zaWQvZlVMTlloMHd3cUZnU3dBUG1qaU9rM1NaVFpWZEF2UDZ0JTdFOVY1bnVXOXh3dUNxa0QyeEZEOUZCVkJlTFM3QzJuSTdWMWRYOVdFRE9vakolN0VCTnV4RENPdCU3RVkyYmk3amRqTiU3RU9ZaGpVWU5IbzlKNzJMSWNPSFJQY1ElMjElMjE=
ask.uwindsor - how do i receive an enrolment verification letter? skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published 10/04/2018 09:29 am updated 01/20/2022 03:07 pm how do i receive an enrolment verification letter? proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. the university of windsor offers an enrolment verification letter (no charge) and an enrolment certificate. please note: please consult the registrarial service fees website for the cost of the enrolment certificate. it is up to the student to contact the organization they are dealing with to determine if an enrolment verification letter is sufficient or if an enrolment certificate is required. students are able to generate their own enrolment verification letter in uwinsite student free of charge if they are registered in classes. these letters confirm: current registration year and program of study full- or part-time status eligibility to enroll in an upcoming session to print or download your enrolment verification letter through uwinsite student: in your web browser, preferably google chrome, go to?www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. click the blue?sign in to uwinsite student?button. on the sign in screen, enter (or select) your uwinid@uwindsor.ca. click the next button. on the enter password screen, enter your uwin account password. click the sign in?button. on the student homepage in uwinsite student, click the my academics tile. click self service letters in the left navigation. in the select the letter to print drop-down menu, select ?enrolment verification letter?. in the select desired term drop-down menu, select the term for which you need an enrolment verification letter. click submit. uwinsite student will generate your enrolment verification letter. this may take a minute or so. you?ll see a small icon in the upper right corner while the system is working. once generated, your enrolment verification letter will open in a new tab or window. note: you may need to turn off your web browser?s pop-up blockers. once your enrolment verification letter is generated, you can download or print it. please note: if you are extending your study permit application, please do not use the enrollment verification from uwinsite student. you are instructed to request the enrolment certificate from ask.uwindsor.ca and ask for an enrollment certificate with the program completion date listed on it. to learn more about enrolment certificates and how to get one, please read this ask.uwindsor.ca email this page recipient email * your email * your name * print share facebook twitter linkedin reddit is this answer helpful? yes no published articles how do i get an enrolment certificate? what should i do if the dates (or other details) on my enrolment vertification letter is incorrect? how do i receive a graduation eligibility letter? how do i confirm my enrolment on the osap website? how do i know when to register for classes? do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 05:49 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
