https://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/247
ask.uwindsor - how do i change my name with uwindsor? skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published 11/28/2018 09:39 am updated 09/13/2019 02:43 pm how do i change my name with uwindsor? preferred first name uwindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. for this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. for example: a student?s legal name is william joshua roberts, and the student normally goes by their legal middle name. this student?s preferred name is joshua. bingwin lee is an international student from china who prefers to be called becky. this student?s preferred name is becky. a student?s legal first name is janson, and the student normally goes by jay. this student?s preferred name is jay. a transgender student was assigned the name john when she was born. this student feels that this name does not reflect their gender identity and prefers to be called jennifer. this student?s preferred name is jennifer. at uwindsor, your preferred first name is currently used on: class rosters blackboard (learning management system) uwincard (student identification card) your preferred first name will not appear on official university documents such as your transcript and degree parchment. you may change, delete or alter your preferred first name at any time during your study period. to do so, please visit the office of the registrar (room 1118, chrysler hall north). you will need to present your uwincard as proof of your identity before a change to your preferred name will be made. the university reserves the right to remove or deny, with or without notice, the use of a preferred name if it is used for inappropriate purposes including, but not limited to, misrepresentation, avoiding legal obligation, or the use of offensive or derogatory language. primary name your primary name is your full legal name. it is used on official university documents and records such as: confirmation of enrolment degree parchments and certificates graduation letters reports to government transcript to change your primary name, you need to visit the office of the registrar (room 1118, chrysler hall north) and present legal documentation supporting your name change. acceptable legal documentation includes: birth certificate change of name certificate marriage certificate passport your primary name will only be changed with legal documentation. information on how to contact the office of the registrar can be found at www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/540/contact-us. email this page recipient email * your email * your name * print share facebook twitter linkedin reddit is this answer helpful? yes no published articles how do i sign in to uwinsite student? how do i get a copy of my academic transcript? how do i know when to register for classes? how can i receive a graduation invitation letter? what is the uwindsor tuition guarantee? do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 07:11 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
