http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/577/session/L3RpbWUvMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9nZW4vMTY0OTE5NTMwMi9zaWQvZlVMTlloMHd3cUZnU3dBUG1qaU9rM1NaVFpWZEF2UDZ0JTdFOVY1bnVXOXh3dUNxa0QyeEZEOUZCVkJlTFM3QzJuSTdWMWRYOVdFRE9vakolN0VCTnV4RENPdCU3RVkyYmk3amRqTiU3RU9ZaGpVWU5IbzlKNzJMSWNPSFJQY1ElMjElMjE=
ask.uwindsor - how do i report that i am ill and will be unable to complete an assessment on time or to take an exam for a specific course? skip navigation future students student life overview athletics + recreation services lancers varsity sports university players soca concerts & events student accessibility services events calendar residence food services student support research overview vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs continuing education registrar's office faculties arts, humanities + social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science academic support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost about overview senior administration virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine current students ? alumni + donors ? faculty + staff ? ask.uwindsor search about academics research student life current students alumni + donors faculty + staff ask.uwindsor future students your browser either does not have javascript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of javascript to be used well on this site. sign in or sign up search find articles for screen reader users press enter to select a all students. all students this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all students screen reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics this button does not work with screen readers. please use the previous link instead. all topics search by keyword search published 03/31/2020 04:00 pm updated 01/26/2022 02:17 pm how do i report that i am ill and will be unable to complete an assessment on time or to take an exam for a specific course? all students (except those in the jd and dual jd programs as well as clinical nursing courses, field placement social work courses, and faculty of education students during their practicum placements, are asked to follow their faculty's and/or departmental/school procedures) are asked to use uwinsite student to report an illness that will prevent them from attending in-person instruction, completing an assessment on time or taking an exam for a specific course. the illness reporting form will be open in uwinsite student during normal term dates up until the end of the winter 2022 semester. 1. in your web browser, preferably google chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. click the blue sign in to uwinsite student button. 3. on the sign in screen, enter (or select) your uwinid@uwindsor.ca. click the next button. 4. on the enter password screen, enter your uwin account password. click the sign in button. 5. on your student homepage, click the report illness tile. 6. on the report illness screen, click the report new illness button. 7. complete the report an illness form: term ? will be automatically populated with the current term class ? select the class for which you are unable to complete an assignment or take an exam due to illness illness start date ? select the date on which your illness began illness end date ? select the date on which your illness ended assessment type ? select the type of assessment you are unable to complete notes ? provide additional details about the assessment being missed (due date/exam date, etc.) 8. click the submit button. 9. you will be returned to the report illness screen and see your submission under your illness reporting history. 10. to return to the student homepage, click the student homepage button. important notes: ? you will not need to submit a medical note to indicate illness of any kind. ? the process of establishing accommodations will be managed by instructors as is the normal procedure. email this page recipient email * your email * your name * print share facebook twitter linkedin reddit is this answer helpful? yes no published articles how do i change my name with uwindsor? how do i activate my uwin account for the first time? how do i sign in to uwinsite student? what is the uwindsor tuition guarantee? what programs do you offer? do you have a technology related question? uwin account sign in questions? mfa issues? other it challenges? please contact the it service desk by opening a ticket or visiting our live chat. it service desk future students ask your questions in real time to our student ambassadors during the hours listed below. live chat future students chat hours are: monday - thursday: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm est international course-based masters chat hours are: monday and thursday 12:30 pm - 7:30 pm est tuesday 9:00 am - 7:30 pm est wednesday and friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est it is currently tuesday, apr 05, 2022 05:48 pm edt contact us university directory accessibility services news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
