https://www.uwindsor.ca/president/326/aspire-together-tomorrow
aspire: together for tomorrow | office of the president skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the president office of the president in this section meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us uwindsor home office of the president aspire: together for tomorrow aspire: together for tomorrow aspire: together for tomorrow is the planning process for the university of windsor?s next strategic plan, which will be our most important navigational tool guiding the institution?s decision making over the following five years and allowing us to capitalize on opportunities to grow and thrive. feedback and guidance from the uwindsor community, as well as the broader windsor-essex region, is essential in this year-long, thoughtful process to guide and shape the university?s future. the planning process will: inform short and long-term goals establish benchmarks to measure progress establish public accountability reporting determine our priorities and focus our energies register and stay informed at engageuwindsor.ca wanted: your voice. your input. in this way, and many more, your input is critical for building the vision and future of the university of windsor ? that we can all be proud of. whether you are a student or university employee, a windsor-essex resident, business owner, visitor or investor, your voice is greatly needed to shape the strategic plan. the university began preliminary planning in spring 2021 including forming a steering committee comprised of members from within the university of windsor community and the windsor-essex region. aspire will be out in the community in the new year to hear your voice! public consultations in 2022 will include online engagement and in-person events, feedback opportunities and more! important data will be collected between now and april; analysis of data from december through may and plan development between may and august. final approval is planned for early fall 2022. please visit the uwindsor online engagement platform at engageuwindsor.ca to learn more and to read the position paper that outlines the university?s approach to strategic planning. the purpose of the position paper is to communicate our proposed plan with the community, and to invite you to provide your input. additional opportunities to engage and participate will be shared via the online engagement platform (engageuwindsor.ca) as well as through a variety of university of windsor communication tools and consultation sessions. please join us in building the strategic plan together. your input is critical for building the vision ? and a future ? that we can all be proud of. we look forward to your participation and feedback. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
