https://www.windsoressexchamber.org/athena/
athena - windsor-essex reg. chamber of commerce skip to content 519.966.3696 | info@windsoressexchamber.org home contact us member login enews sign up menu the chamber become a member 2020-2025 strategic plan staff & departments board of directors & committees policy & advocacy automobility trade accelerator program wercc emerging leaders info request membership online application member login renew your membership membership tiers member directory membership benefits member to member deals member resources magnet export portal events register online sponsorship opportunities after business annual general meeting athena business excellence awards 2022 business excellence awards 30th anniversary business excellence awards ? may 20, 2021 2019 business excellence awards 2018 business excellence awards 2017 business excellence awards 2016 business excellence awards 2015 business excellence awards chamber 143 chamber golf tournament interactive webinars news media releases business briefs magazine enewsletter covid-19 information and updates westaysafe rapid testing wevax transportation program we support local become a member athena scholarship program and luncheon the athena scholarship program was created in 1999 for full-time post-secondary students between the ages of 18 and 30 years old. as well as having excellent academic achievement, recipients must be interested in increasing leadership opportunities for women and enhancing the quality of life in our community. the program is supported by generous donations from private citizens, corporations, professions, academic institutions and community organizations. in 2004 the athena scholarship fund (windsor) was established as a registered charity. since 2001 the athena committee has hosted an athena scholarship luncheon to honour the athena scholarship recipients, to acknowledge its generous sponsors and to feature a speaker of influence who exemplifies its values. 2022 athena scholarship fund applications the athena scholarship fund (windsor) application period is now open. applications will be accepted until friday, april 29, 2022. four scholarships of $5,000 each will be awarded as follows: one to a st. clair college student one to a university of windsor student one to a student who is attending any college or university provided he/she has spent a significant period of time in windsor/essex county (see above) one to a university of windsor faculty of law student all applications are carefully screened by members of the athena scholarship committee. a panel of five judges is appointed to select the athena scholarship recipients. questions about the athena scholarship application process? contact athena committee chair, lee anne doyle. download the 2022 athena scholarship application 2021 athena scholarship recipients the athena scholarship fund (windsor) and the windsor-essex regional chamber of commerce are pleased to announce that this year's athena scholarship recipients are: alessandra ceccacci - university of toronto anumita jain - university of windsor jacqueline eboh - faculty of law, university of windsor trevor ramieri - st. clair college trevor ramieri, sue zanin, jacqueline eboh, lee anne doyle, anumita jain, loretta stoyka and alessandra ceccacci out of an abundance of caution, as the covid-19 pandemic remains an ongoing safety concern in our community, the 2021 athena scholarship luncheon has been postponed and will be held in combination with the 2020 luncheon on friday, june 3, 2022 at st. clair college centre for the arts. the above recipients, along with their families and guests, will be invited to join and be recognized at this luncheon. 2020 athena scholarship recipients tara chan - faculty of law, university of windsor paige coyne - university of windsor celina debiasio - university of windsor sierra scott-kilgo - st. clair college 2019 athena scholarship recipients: jessica glazewski ? st. clair college katherine hirsch ? university of windsor kiara clement ? st. clair college 2018 athena scholarship recipients: syndey chapados ? university of windsor holly nicholson ? st. clair college erin dufour- university of windsor the athena? leadership award athena leadership award nominees and recipients are leaders in their profession, well-connected in their community, hold leadership positions in service and professional organizations and often lend their time and talent to corporate and foundation boards. perhaps most importantly, they are great mentors who ?lift as they climb?, extending a hand to their peers and the next generation of leaders alike. athena leadership award recipients foster leadership qualities in others. windsor became the first canadian city to present the athena award in 1996. the award honours women and men who are recognized for business and professional excellence, for community service, for mentoring and providing a role model to encourage women to achieve their leadership potential. the athena award is presented each year at the chamber?s business excellence awards gala. 2021 business excellence athena award recipient: marlene corey 2019 business excellence athena award recipient: sherrilynn colley-vegh ? 2022 windsor-essex reg. chamber of commerce | site by growthzone the voice of business in windsor-essex stay connected by signing up for our biweekly enewsletter here. windsor-essex regional chamber of commerce 2565 ouellette ave. suite 101 | windsor, ontario n8x 1l9 | canada 519-966-3696 info@windsoressexchamber.org ? windsor-essex reg. chamber of commerce. all rights reserved | site by growthzone
