https://play.google.com/store/books/category/audiobooks
audiobooks - books on google play sign in hidden fields search books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide audiobooks ebooks arts biographies & memoirs business & investing computers & technology cooking, food & wine fantasy fiction & literature health & fitness health, mind & body history home & garden humor mystery & thrillers poetry politics & current events reference religion & spirituality romance science science fiction sports travel young adult audiobooks arts & entertainment biographies & memoirs business & investing fiction & literature health, mind & body history language instruction mystery & thrillers religion & spirituality romance science & technology science fiction & fantasy self-help sports travel young adult comics general anthologies contemporary women crime & mystery fantasy horror literary manga media tie-in science fiction superheroes children's books ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 action & adventure animals & nature comics early learning education fiction growing up history & biographies mysteries science fiction & fantasy sports subgenres arts & entertainment biographies & memoirs business & investing fiction & literature health, mind & body history language instruction mystery & thrillers religion & spirituality romance science & technology science fiction & fantasy self-help sports travel young adult home top charts new arrivals new releases see more sylvanas (world of warcraft) christie golden the epic, definitive story of sylvanas windrunner, one of world of warcraft?s most enduring and iconic characters, as chronicled by bestselling author christie golden. ranger-general. banshee queen. warchief. sylvanas windrunner has borne many titles. to some, she is a hero?to others, a villain. but whether in pursuit of justice, vengeance, or something more, sylvanas has always sought to control her own destiny. the power to achieve her goals has never been closer, as sylvanas works alongside the jailer to liberate all azeroth from the prison of fate. her final task? secure the fealty of their prisoner?king anduin wrynn. to succeed, sylvanas will be forced to reflect on the harrowing path that brought her to the jailer?s side and to reveal her truest self to her greatest rival. here, sylvanas?s complete story is laid bare: the breaking of the windrunner family and her rise to ranger- general; her own death at the hands of arthas and her renewed purpose in founding the forsaken; the moment she first beheld the maw and understood the true consequences of what lay beyond the veil of death. but as her moment of victory draws near, sylvanas windrunner will make a choice that may ultimately come to define her. a choice that?s hers to make. $34.00$29.95 the recovery agent: a novel janet evanovich #1 new york times bestselling author janet evanovich returns with the launch of a blockbuster new series that blends wild adventure, hugely appealing characters, and pitch-perfect humor, proving once again why she?s ?the most popular mystery writer alive? (the new york times). lost something? gabriela rose knows how to get it back. as a recovery agent, she?s hired by individuals and companies seeking lost treasures, stolen heirlooms, or missing assets of any kind. she?s reliable, cool under pressure, and well trained in weapons of all types. but gabriela?s latest job isn?t for some bamboozled billionaire, it?s for her own family, whose home is going to be wiped off the map if they can?t come up with a lot of money fast. inspired by an old family legend, gabriela sets off for the jungles of peru in pursuit of the ring of solomon and the lost treasure of lima. but this particular job comes with a huge problem attached to it?gabriela?s ex-husband, rafer. it?s rafer who has the map that possibly points the way to the treasure, and he?s not about to let gabriela find it without him. rafer is as relaxed as gabriela is driven, and he has a lifetime?s experience getting under his ex-wife?s skin. but when they aren?t bickering about old times the two make a formidable team, and it?s going to take a team to defeat the vicious drug lord who has also been searching for the fabled ring. a drug lord who doesn?t mind leaving a large body count behind him to get it. the recovery agent marks the start of an irresistible new series that will have you clamoring for more and cheering for the unstoppable gabriela rose on every page. $22.99$14.95 ten steps to nanette: a memoir situation hannah gadsby multi-award-winning hannah gadsby broke comedy with her show nanette when she declared that she was quitting stand-up. now she takes us through the defining moments in her life that led to the creation of nanette and her powerful decision to tell the truth?no matter the cost. ?hannah is a promethean force, a revolutionary talent. this hilarious, touching, and sometimes tragic book is all about where her fires were lit.??emma thompson one of the most anticipated books of 2022?entertainment weekly, popsugar ?there is nothing stronger than a broken woman who has rebuilt herself,? hannah gadsby declared in her show nanette, a scorching critique of the way society conducts public debates about marginalized communities. when it premiered on netflix, it left audiences captivated by her blistering honesty and her singular ability to take them from rolling laughter to devastated silence. ten steps to nanette continues gadsby?s tradition of confounding expectations and norms, properly introducing us to one of the most explosive, formative voices of our time. gadsby grew up as the youngest of five children in an isolated town in tasmania, where homosexuality was illegal until 1997. she perceived her childhood as safe and ?normal,? but as she gained an awareness of her burgeoning queerness, the outside world began to undermine the ?vulnerably thin veneer? of her existence. after moving to mainland australia and receiving a degree in art history, gadsby found herself adrift, working itinerant jobs and enduring years of isolation punctuated by homophobic and sexual violence. at age twenty-seven, without a home or the ability to imagine her own future, she was urged by a friend to enter a stand-up competition. she won, and so began her career in comedy. gadsby became well known for her self-deprecating, autobiographical humor that made her the butt of her own jokes. but in 2015, as australia debated the legality of same-sex marriage, gadsby started to question this mode of storytelling, beginning work on a show that would become ?the most-talked-about, written-about, shared-about comedy act in years? (the new york times). harrowing and hilarious, ten steps to nanette traces gadsby?s growth as a queer person, to her ever-evolving relationship with comedy, and her struggle with late-in-life diagnoses of autism and adhd, finally arriving at the backbone of nanette: the renouncement of self-deprecation, the rejection of misogyny, and the moral significance of truth-telling. $29.50$25.95 a court of thorns and roses (1 of 2) [dramatized adaptation]: a court of thorns and roses 1 sarah j. maas "the sexy, action-packed first dramatized audiobook adaptation in the #1 new york times bestselling court of thorns and roses series from sarah j. maas. adapted from the novel and produced with a full cast of actors, immersive sound effects and cinematic music! when nineteen-year-old huntress feyre kills a wolf in the woods, a terrifying creature arrives to demand retribution. dragged to a treacherous magical land she knows about only from legends, feyre discovers that her captor is not truly a beast, but one of the lethal, immortal faeries who once ruled her world. at least, he's not a beast all the time. as she adapts to her new home, her feelings for the faerie, tamlin, transform from icy hostility into a fiery passion that burns through every lie she's been told about the beautiful, dangerous world of the fae. but something is not right in the faerie lands. an ancient, wicked shadow is growing, and feyre must find a way to stop it, or doom tamlin-and his world-forever. from bestselling author sarah j. maas comes a seductive, breathtaking series that blends romance, adventure, and faerie lore into an unforgettable listen. performed by melody muze, henry w. kramer, gabriel michael, natalie van sistine, debi tinsley, bradley foster smith, alejandro ruiz, christopher graybill, julie hoverson, karenna foley, eric messner, anthony palmini, steve wannall, rose elizabeth supan, mort shelby, laura c. harris, michael john casey, scott mccormick, richard rohan, karen novack, nora achrati, and nanette savard." $25.32$16.95 here & hereafter: how wisdom from the departed can transform your life now tyler henry this program is read by the author and includes an exclusive bonus mindfulness exercise. from tyler henry, celebrated medium, comes the ultimate self-help guide detailing the insights the departed have communicated about how to live our best, most meaningful lives. do you want to live more meaningfully, and in turn fulfill your life?s potential? do you want to have the capability to transform your life and make it infinitely better, by paying attention to what those who have lived and died have come to understand about the meaning of life itself? as one of the world?s most accomplished mediums, tyler henry has had thousands of communications with those who?ve already gone through humanity?s final frontier: physical death. the life lessons he?s learned from those conversations have been truly transformative. in here & hereafter tyler explains that by listening and learning from the departed, following their guidance, and paying attention to what they might have done differently, we can get more fulfillment and purpose from our own lives. here & hereafter will shed light on the most powerful understandings tyler has gained from modern day mediumship?and explain how those understandings can lead us to live a more meaningful life. a macmillan audio production from st. martin's essentials $26.99$14.95 a safe house stuart woods in this latest adrenaline-charged thriller from #1 new york times bestselling author stuart woods, stone barrington takes on a vengeful rival. stone barrington is looking forward to some quiet time in new york city, until he is asked to transport precious, top-secret cargo across the atlantic. taking on the challenge, stone flies off unaware of what?or who?he is bringing with him. but his plans to lie low are quickly spoiled when a dangerous dispatcher tracks down stone and his tantalizing mystery guest, intent on payback?and silencing anyone who poses a threat. from the english countryside to the balmy beaches of key west, stone is on an international mission to hide and protect those closest to him. $27.00$19.95 cat and nat's mom secrets: coffee-fueled confessions from the mom trenches catherine belknap the bestselling authors of cat and nat?s mom truths go deeper than ever before with outrageous revelations and relatable stories that let every mom know she's not alone. remember when you were first expecting, and it seemed like every woman on the planet who had ever given birth felt the need to warn you? your life is about to change forever! with seven kids between them, cat and nat know a thing or two about the way motherhood turns your life upside down. fiercely committed to dismantling the pressure to be perfect, they?ve connected with their audience by sharing their completely real take on the stress, guilt, and joy of being a mom. one might even say they?ve made a brand of oversharing. in their first book, they shared short dispatches and advice from the trenches. now, cat and nat have invited the legion of moms who love them to share their own deepest darkest parenting secrets, and use those to kick off their own stories, going deeper about big topics like guilt, balancing career with motherhood, and body image. cat dives into the bachelor-inspired trend of taking your kids on ?one-on-one?s? and shakes off the guilt when she doesn't have the time/energy/helicopter to pull it off. nat explains why her husband is completely off base when he ?romantically? refers to her as his best friend (obviously, cat already fills that role!). and cat and nat finally share the skincare routine that a lot of you have been asking about (it involves the car mirror and severely delayed deodorant application). these moments of truth are wildly funny, but also universal and oh-so-relatable. grab a weighted blanket and curl up with this book for the comfort and camaraderie every mom needs. $23.00$14.95 glucose revolution: the life-changing power of balancing your blood sugar jessie inchauspe improve all areas of your health from your weight, sleep, cravings, mood, energy, skin, and even slow down aging, with easy-to-implement, science-based hacks to manage your blood sugar levels while still eating the foods you love. glucose, or blood sugar, is a tiny molecule in our body that has a huge impact on our health. it enters our bloodstream through the starchy or sweet foods we eat. ninety percent of us suffer from too much glucose in our system?and most of us don't know it. the symptoms? cravings, fatigue, infertility, hormonal issues, acne, wrinkles? and over time, the development of conditions like type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, cancer, dementia, and heart disease. drawing on cutting-edge science and her own pioneering research, biochemist jessie inchausp? offers ten simple, surprising hacks to help you balance your glucose levels and reverse your symptoms?without going on a diet or giving up the foods you love. for example: * how eating foods in the right order will make you lose weight effortlessly * what secret ingredient will allow you to eat dessert and still go into fat-burning mode * what small change to your breakfast will unlock energy and cut your cravings both entertaining, informative, and packed with the latest scientific data, this book presents a new way to think about better health. glucose revolution is chock-full of tips that can drastically and immediately improve your life, whatever your dietary preferences. $22.99$14.95 forever boy: a mother's memoir of autism and finding joy kate swenson with her popular blog, finding cooper's voice, kate swenson has provided hope and comfort for hundreds of thousands of parents of children with autism. now, kate shares her inspiring story in this powerful memoir about motherhood and unconditional love when kate swenson?s son cooper was diagnosed with severe, nonverbal autism, her world stopped. she had always dreamed of having the perfect family life. she hadn?t signed up for life as a mother raising a child with a disability. at first, kate experienced the grief of broken dreams. then she felt the frustration and exhaustion of having to fight for your child in a world that is stacked against them. but through hard work, resilience and personal growth, she would come to learn that cooper wasn?t the one who needed to change. she was. and it was this transformation that led kate to acceptance?and ultimately joy. in forever boy, kate shares her inspiring journey with honesty and compassion, offering solace and hope to others on this path and illuminating the strength and perseverance of mothers. supplemental enhancement pdf accompanies the audiobook. $34.99$26.95 conversations with people who hate me dylan marron ?dylan marron is the internet?s love warrior. his work is fresh, deeply honest, wildly creative, and right on time.? ?glennon doyle, #1 new york times bestselling author ?dylan marron is like a modern mister rogers for the digital age.? ?jason sudeikis ??from the host of the award-winning, critically acclaimed podcast conversations with people who hate me comes a thought-provoking, witty, and inspirational exploration of difficult conversations and how to navigate them. dylan marron?s work has racked up millions of views and worldwide support. from his acclaimed every single word video series highlighting the lack of diversity in hollywood to his web series sitting in bathrooms with trans people, marron has explored some of today?s biggest social issues. yet, according to some strangers on the internet, marron is a ?moron,? a ?beta male,? and a ?talentless hack.? rather than running from this online vitriol, marron began a social experiment in which he invited his detractors to chat with him on the phone?and those conversations revealed surprising and fascinating insights. now, marron retraces his journey through a project that connects adversarial strangers in a time of unprecedented division. after years of production and dozens of phone calls, he shares what he?s learned about having difficult conversations and how having them can help close the ever-growing distance between us. charmingly candid and refreshingly hopeful, conversations with people who hate me will serve as both a guide to anyone partaking in dif?ficult conversations and a permission slip for those who dare to believe that connection is possible. $22.99$14.95 advice for a better life see more atomic habits: an easy & proven way to build good habits & break bad ones james clear the #1 new york times bestseller. over 4 million copies sold! tiny changes, remarkable results no matter your goals, atomic habits offers a proven framework for improving--every day. james clear, one of the world's leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results. if you're having trouble changing your habits, the problem isn't you. the problem is your system. bad habits repeat themselves again and again not because you don't want to change, but because you have the wrong system for change. you do not rise to the level of your goals. you fall to the level of your systems. here, you'll get a proven system that can take you to new heights. clear is known for his ability to distill complex topics into simple behaviors that can be easily applied to daily life and work. here, he draws on the most proven ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to create an easy-to-understand guide for making good habits inevitable and bad habits impossible. along the way, readers will be inspired and entertained with true stories from olympic gold medalists, award-winning artists, business leaders, life-saving physicians, and star comedians who have used the science of small habits to master their craft and vault to the top of their field. learn how to: ? make time for new habits (even when life gets crazy); ? overcome a lack of motivation and willpower; ? design your environment to make success easier; ? get back on track when you fall off course; ...and much more. atomic habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success, and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits--whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, or achieve any other goal. $27.00$19.95 12 rules for life: an antidote to chaos jordan b. peterson #1 national bestseller #1 international bestseller what does everyone in the modern world need to know? renowned psychologist jordan b. peterson's answer to this most difficult of questions uniquely combines the hard-won truths of ancient tradition with the stunning revelations of cutting-edge scientific research. humorous, surprising and informative, dr. peterson tells us why skateboarding boys and girls must be left alone, what terrible fate awaits those who criticize too easily, and why you should always pet a cat when you meet one on the street. what does the nervous system of the lowly lobster have to tell us about standing up straight (with our shoulders back) and about success in life? why did ancient egyptians worship the capacity to pay careful attention as the highest of gods? what dreadful paths do people tread when they become resentful, arrogant and vengeful? dr. peterson journeys broadly, discussing discipline, freedom, adventure and responsibility, distilling the world's wisdom into 12 practical and profound rules for life. 12 rules for life shatters the modern commonplaces of science, faith and human nature, while transforming and ennobling the mind and spirit of its readers. $34.95$32.26 the subtle art of not giving a f*ck: a counterintuitive approach to living a good life mark manson #1 new york times bestseller over 10 million copies sold in this generation-defining self-help guide, a superstar blogger cuts through the crap to show us how to stop trying to be "positive" all the time so that we can truly become better, happier people. for decades, we?ve been told that positive thinking is the key to a happy, rich life. "f**k positivity," mark manson says. "let?s be honest, shit is f**ked and we have to live with it." in his wildly popular internet blog, manson doesn?t sugarcoat or equivocate. he tells it like it is?a dose of raw, refreshing, honest truth that is sorely lacking today. the subtle art of not giving a f**k is his antidote to the coddling, let?s-all-feel-good mindset that has infected modern society and spoiled a generation, rewarding them with gold medals just for showing up. manson makes the argument, backed both by academic research and well-timed poop jokes, that improving our lives hinges not on our ability to turn lemons into lemonade, but on learning to stomach lemons better. human beings are flawed and limited?"not everybody can be extraordinary, there are winners and losers in society, and some of it is not fair or your fault." manson advises us to get to know our limitations and accept them. once we embrace our fears, faults, and uncertainties, once we stop running and avoiding and start confronting painful truths, we can begin to find the courage, perseverance, honesty, responsibility, curiosity, and forgiveness we seek. there are only so many things we can give a f**k about so we need to figure out which ones really matter, manson makes clear. while money is nice, caring about what you do with your life is better, because true wealth is about experience. a much-needed grab-you-by-the-shoulders-and-look-you-in-the-eye moment of real-talk, filled with entertaining stories and profane, ruthless humor, the subtle art of not giving a f**k is a refreshing slap for a generation to help them lead contented, grounded lives. $26.99$16.19 how to win friends & influence people dale carnegie from an era when 'self-help' books had genuine depth, dale carnegie's how to win friends and influence people has influenced the world. no book in the self-help category matters more than this one. learning to relate to people in the ways carnegie instructs will help you personally as well as professionally. this audiobook is a classic because carnegie teaches timeless truths in timeless ways. $14.98$13.95 unfu*k yourself: get out of your head and into your life gary john bishop new york times bestseller joining the ranks of the life-changing magic of not giving a f*ck, the subtle art of not giving a f*ck, you are a badass, and f*ck feelings comes this refreshing, bs-free, self-empowerment guide that offers an honest, no-nonsense, tough-love approach to help you move past self-imposed limitations. are you tired of feeling fu*ked up? if you are, gary john bishop has the answer. in this straightforward handbook, he gives you the tools and advice you need to demolish the slag weighing you down and become the truly unfu*ked version of yourself. "wake up to the miracle you are," he directs. "here's what you've forgotten: you're a fu*king miracle of being." it isn't other people that are standing in your way, it isn't even your circumstances that are blocking your ability to thrive, it's yourself and the negative self-talk you keep telling yourself. in unfu*k yourself, bishop leads you through a series of seven assertions: i am willing i am wired to win i got this i embrace the uncertainty i am not my thoughts; i am what i do i am relentless i expect nothing and accept everything lead the life you were meant to have?unfu*k yourself. $23.99$14.95 unf*ck your brain: using science to get over anxiety, depression, anger, freak-outs, and triggers faith g. harper a no-nonsense and helpful guide on how to cope with a slew of mental-health issues that are hell-bent on ruining the lives of millions of people worldwide our brains do their best to help us out, but every so often they can be real assholes?having meltdowns, getting addicted to things, or shutting down completely at the worst possible moments. your brain knows it?s not good to do these things, but it can?t help it sometimes?especially if it?s obsessing about trauma it can?t overcome. that?s where this life-changing book comes in. with humor, patience, science, and lots of good-ole swearing, dr. faith explains what?s going on in your skull, and talks you through the process of retraining your brain to respond appropriately to the nonemergencies of everyday life, and to deal effectively with old, or newly acquired, traumas (particularly post-traumatic stress disorder). $18.70$14.95 how to win friends and influence people dale carnegie updated for the first time in more than forty years, dale carnegie?s timeless bestseller how to win friends and influence people?a classic that has improved and transformed the personal and professional lives of millions. this new edition of the most influential self-help book of the last century has been updated under the care of dale?s daughter, donna, introducing changes that keep the book fresh for today?s readers, with priceless material restored from the original 1936 text. one of the best-known motivational guides in history, dale carnegie?s groundbreaking publication has sold tens of millions of copies, been translated into almost every known written language, and has helped countless people succeed. carnegie?s rock-solid, experience-tested advice has remained relevant for generations because he addresses timeless questions about the art of getting along with people. how to win friends and influence people teaches you: -how to communicate effectively -how to make people like you -how to increase your ability to get things done -how to get others to see your side -how to become a more effective leader -how to successfully navigate almost any social situation -and so much more! how to win friends and influence people is a historic bestseller for one simple reason: its crucial life lessons, conveyed through engaging storytelling, have shown readers how to become who they wish to be. with the newly updated version of this classic, that?s as true now as ever. $32.00$27.95 investing in yourself: financial riches for a lifetime and beyond giovanni rigters become wealthy instead of just rich. why would you invest your time and energy working for a company, while you could easily focus on becoming wealthy instead. do you think you are too broke, don't have the knowledge, or are not smart enough to get wealthy? let me help you break through all those barriers of self doubt and show you the steps towards wealth building. finally live the life you always wanted, with the freedom to go and do whatever you please, with no one telling you what to do. a life where you are your own boss, which allows you to go on as many exotic vacations as you want. a changed mindset and a plan of action are where we will begin and managing your wealth is where we will end. hurry! this audiobook is on sale right now, but the price will go up soon. buy it now! $6.24 the laws of human nature robert greene from the #1 new york times-bestselling author of the 48 laws of power comes the definitive new book on decoding the behavior of the people around you robert greene is a master guide for millions of readers, distilling ancient wisdom and philosophy into essential texts for seekers of power, understanding and mastery. now he turns to the most important subject of all - understanding people's drives and motivations, even when they are unconscious of them themselves. we are social animals. our very lives depend on our relationships with people. knowing why people do what they do is the most important tool we can possess, without which our other talents can only take us so far. drawing from the ideas and examples of pericles, queen elizabeth i, martin luther king jr, and many others, greene teaches us how to detach ourselves from our own emotions and master self-control, how to develop the empathy that leads to insight, how to look behind people's masks, and how to resist conformity to develop your singular sense of purpose. whether at work, in relationships, or in shaping the world around you, the laws of human nature offers brilliant tactics for success, self-improvement, and self-defense. $40.00$36.92 cat and nat's mom secrets: coffee-fueled confessions from the mom trenches catherine belknap the bestselling authors of cat and nat?s mom truths go deeper than ever before with outrageous revelations and relatable stories that let every mom know she's not alone. remember when you were first expecting, and it seemed like every woman on the planet who had ever given birth felt the need to warn you? your life is about to change forever! with seven kids between them, cat and nat know a thing or two about the way motherhood turns your life upside down. fiercely committed to dismantling the pressure to be perfect, they?ve connected with their audience by sharing their completely real take on the stress, guilt, and joy of being a mom. one might even say they?ve made a brand of oversharing. in their first book, they shared short dispatches and advice from the trenches. now, cat and nat have invited the legion of moms who love them to share their own deepest darkest parenting secrets, and use those to kick off their own stories, going deeper about big topics like guilt, balancing career with motherhood, and body image. cat dives into the bachelor-inspired trend of taking your kids on ?one-on-one?s? and shakes off the guilt when she doesn't have the time/energy/helicopter to pull it off. nat explains why her husband is completely off base when he ?romantically? refers to her as his best friend (obviously, cat already fills that role!). and cat and nat finally share the skincare routine that a lot of you have been asking about (it involves the car mirror and severely delayed deodorant application). these moments of truth are wildly funny, but also universal and oh-so-relatable. grab a weighted blanket and curl up with this book for the comfort and camaraderie every mom needs. $23.00$14.95 find your next favorite audiobook see more unfu*k yourself: get out of your head and into your life gary john bishop new york times bestseller joining the ranks of the life-changing magic of not giving a f*ck, the subtle art of not giving a f*ck, you are a badass, and f*ck feelings comes this refreshing, bs-free, self-empowerment guide that offers an honest, no-nonsense, tough-love approach to help you move past self-imposed limitations. are you tired of feeling fu*ked up? if you are, gary john bishop has the answer. in this straightforward handbook, he gives you the tools and advice you need to demolish the slag weighing you down and become the truly unfu*ked version of yourself. "wake up to the miracle you are," he directs. "here's what you've forgotten: you're a fu*king miracle of being." it isn't other people that are standing in your way, it isn't even your circumstances that are blocking your ability to thrive, it's yourself and the negative self-talk you keep telling yourself. in unfu*k yourself, bishop leads you through a series of seven assertions: i am willing i am wired to win i got this i embrace the uncertainty i am not my thoughts; i am what i do i am relentless i expect nothing and accept everything lead the life you were meant to have?unfu*k yourself. $23.99$14.95 the last wish: introducing the witcher andrzej sapkowski geralt the witcher?revered and hated?holds the line against the monsters plaguing humanity in this collection of adventures, the first chapter in andrzej sapkowski?s groundbreaking epic fantasy series that inspired the hit netflix show and the blockbuster video games. geralt is a witcher, a man whose magic powers, enhanced by long training and a mysterious elixir, have made him a brilliant fighter and a merciless hunter. yet he is no ordinary killer. his sole purpose: to destroy the monsters that plague the world. but not everything monstrous-looking is evil and not everything fair is good . . . and in every fairy tale there is a grain of truth. witcher collections the last wish sword of destiny witcher novels blood of elves the time of contempt baptism of fire the tower of swallows lady of the lake season of storms hussite trilogy the tower of fools warriors of god translated from original polish by danusia stok $30.98$19.95 the subtle art of not giving a f*ck: a counterintuitive approach to living a good life mark manson #1 new york times bestseller over 10 million copies sold in this generation-defining self-help guide, a superstar blogger cuts through the crap to show us how to stop trying to be "positive" all the time so that we can truly become better, happier people. for decades, we?ve been told that positive thinking is the key to a happy, rich life. "f**k positivity," mark manson says. "let?s be honest, shit is f**ked and we have to live with it." in his wildly popular internet blog, manson doesn?t sugarcoat or equivocate. he tells it like it is?a dose of raw, refreshing, honest truth that is sorely lacking today. the subtle art of not giving a f**k is his antidote to the coddling, let?s-all-feel-good mindset that has infected modern society and spoiled a generation, rewarding them with gold medals just for showing up. manson makes the argument, backed both by academic research and well-timed poop jokes, that improving our lives hinges not on our ability to turn lemons into lemonade, but on learning to stomach lemons better. human beings are flawed and limited?"not everybody can be extraordinary, there are winners and losers in society, and some of it is not fair or your fault." manson advises us to get to know our limitations and accept them. once we embrace our fears, faults, and uncertainties, once we stop running and avoiding and start confronting painful truths, we can begin to find the courage, perseverance, honesty, responsibility, curiosity, and forgiveness we seek. there are only so many things we can give a f**k about so we need to figure out which ones really matter, manson makes clear. while money is nice, caring about what you do with your life is better, because true wealth is about experience. a much-needed grab-you-by-the-shoulders-and-look-you-in-the-eye moment of real-talk, filled with entertaining stories and profane, ruthless humor, the subtle art of not giving a f**k is a refreshing slap for a generation to help them lead contented, grounded lives. $26.99$16.19 atomic habits: an easy & proven way to build good habits & break bad ones james clear the #1 new york times bestseller. over 4 million copies sold! tiny changes, remarkable results no matter your goals, atomic habits offers a proven framework for improving--every day. james clear, one of the world's leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results. if you're having trouble changing your habits, the problem isn't you. the problem is your system. bad habits repeat themselves again and again not because you don't want to change, but because you have the wrong system for change. you do not rise to the level of your goals. you fall to the level of your systems. here, you'll get a proven system that can take you to new heights. clear is known for his ability to distill complex topics into simple behaviors that can be easily applied to daily life and work. here, he draws on the most proven ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to create an easy-to-understand guide for making good habits inevitable and bad habits impossible. along the way, readers will be inspired and entertained with true stories from olympic gold medalists, award-winning artists, business leaders, life-saving physicians, and star comedians who have used the science of small habits to master their craft and vault to the top of their field. learn how to: ? make time for new habits (even when life gets crazy); ? overcome a lack of motivation and willpower; ? design your environment to make success easier; ? get back on track when you fall off course; ...and much more. atomic habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success, and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits--whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, or achieve any other goal. $27.00$19.95 never split the difference: negotiating as if your life depended on it chris voss a former international hostage negotiator for the fbi offers a new, field-tested approach to high-stakes negotiations?whether in the boardroom or at home. after a stint policing the rough streets of kansas city, missouri, chris voss joined the fbi, where his career as a hostage negotiator brought him face-to-face with a range of criminals, including bank robbers and terrorists. reaching the pinnacle of his profession, he became the fbi?s lead international kidnapping negotiator. never split the difference takes you inside the world of high-stakes negotiations and into voss?s head, revealing the skills that helped him and his colleagues succeed where it mattered most: saving lives. in this practical guide, he shares the nine effective principles?counterintuitive tactics and strategies?you too can use to become more persuasive in both your professional and personal life. life is a series of negotiations you should be prepared for: buying a car, negotiating a salary, buying a home, renegotiating rent, deliberating with your partner. taking emotional intelligence and intuition to the next level, never split the difference gives you the competitive edge in any discussion. $30.99$19.95 too much and never enough: how my family created the world's most dangerous man mary l. trump in this revelatory, authoritative portrait of donald j. trump and the toxic family that made him, mary l. trump, a trained clinical psychologist and donald?s only niece, shines a bright light on the dark history of their family in order to explain how her uncle became the man who now threatens the world?s health, economic security, and social fabric. mary trump spent much of her childhood in her grandparents? large, imposing house in the heart of queens, new york, where donald and his four siblings grew up. she describes a nightmare of traumas, destructive relationships, and a tragic combination of neglect and abuse. she explains how specific events and general family patterns created the damaged man who occupied the oval office, including the strange and harmful relationship between fred trump and his two oldest sons, fred jr. and donald. a firsthand witness to countless holiday meals and interactions, mary brings an incisive wit and unexpected humor to sometimes grim, often confounding family events. she recounts in unsparing detail everything from her uncle donald?s place in the family spotlight and ivana?s penchant for regifting to her grandmother?s frequent injuries and illnesses and the appalling way donald, fred trump?s favorite son, dismissed and derided him when he began to succumb to alzheimer?s. numerous pundits, armchair psychologists, and journalists have sought to parse donald j. trump?s lethal flaws. mary l. trump has the education, insight, and intimate familiarity needed to reveal what makes donald, and the rest of her clan, tick. she alone can recount this fascinating, unnerving saga, not just because of her insider?s perspective but also because she is the only trump willing to tell the truth about one of the world?s most powerful and dysfunctional families. $25.99$16.95 talking to strangers: what we should know about the people we don't know malcolm gladwell a best book of the year: the financial times, bloomberg, chicago tribune, and detroit free pres malcolm gladwell, host of the podcast revisionist history and author of the #1 new york times bestseller outliers, offers a powerful examination of our interactions with strangers -- and why they often go wrong. how did fidel castro fool the cia for a generation? why did neville chamberlain think he could trust adolf hitler? why are campus sexual assaults on the rise? do television sitcoms teach us something about the way we relate to each other that isn't true? while tackling these questions, malcolm gladwell was not solely writing a book for the page. he was also producing for the ear. in the audiobook version of talking to strangers, you'll hear the voices of people he interviewed--scientists, criminologists, military psychologists. court transcripts are brought to life with re-enactments. you actually hear the contentious arrest of sandra bland by the side of the road in texas. as gladwell revisits the deceptions of bernie madoff, the trial of amanda knox, and the suicide of sylvia plath, you hear directly from many of the players in these real-life tragedies. there's even a theme song - janelle monae's "hell you talmbout." something is very wrong, gladwell argues, with the tools and strategies we use to make sense of people we don't know. and because we don't know how to talk to strangers, we are inviting conflict and misunderstanding in ways that have a profound effect on our lives and our world. $33.98$25.95 sword of destiny andrzej sapkowski geralt the witcher battles monsters, demons and prejudices alike in sword of destiny, the second collection of adventures in andrzej sapkowski?s groundbreaking epic fantasy series that inspired the netflix show and the hit video games. geralt is a witcher, a man whose magic powers, enhanced by long training and a mysterious elixir, have made him a brilliant fighter and a merciless hunter. yet he is no ordinary killer: his targets are the multifarious monsters and vile fiends that ravage the land and attack the innocent. sword of destiny is the follow up to the last wish, and together they are the perfect introduction to a one of a kind fantasy world. witcher collections the last wish sword of destiny witcher novels blood of elves the time of contempt baptism of fire the tower of swallows lady of the lake season of storms hussite trilogy the tower of fools warriors of god translated from original polish by david french $33.98$25.95 12 rules for life: an antidote to chaos jordan b. peterson #1 national bestseller #1 international bestseller what does everyone in the modern world need to know? renowned psychologist jordan b. peterson's answer to this most difficult of questions uniquely combines the hard-won truths of ancient tradition with the stunning revelations of cutting-edge scientific research. humorous, surprising and informative, dr. peterson tells us why skateboarding boys and girls must be left alone, what terrible fate awaits those who criticize too easily, and why you should always pet a cat when you meet one on the street. what does the nervous system of the lowly lobster have to tell us about standing up straight (with our shoulders back) and about success in life? why did ancient egyptians worship the capacity to pay careful attention as the highest of gods? what dreadful paths do people tread when they become resentful, arrogant and vengeful? dr. peterson journeys broadly, discussing discipline, freedom, adventure and responsibility, distilling the world's wisdom into 12 practical and profound rules for life. 12 rules for life shatters the modern commonplaces of science, faith and human nature, while transforming and ennobling the mind and spirit of its readers. $34.95$32.26 white fragility: why it's so hard for white people to talk about racism dr. robin diangelo the new york times best-selling book exploring the counterproductive reactions white people have when their assumptions about race are challenged, and how these reactions maintain racial inequality. in this ?vital, necessary, and beautiful book? (michael eric dyson), antiracist educator robin diangelo deftly illuminates the phenomenon of white fragility and ?allows us to understand racism as a practice not restricted to ?bad people? (claudia rankine). referring to the defensive moves that white people make when challenged racially, white fragility is characterized by emotions such as anger, fear, and guilt, and by behaviors including argumentation and silence. these behaviors, in turn, function to reinstate white racial equilibrium and prevent any meaningful cross-racial dialogue. in this in-depth exploration, diangelo examines how white fragility develops, how it protects racial inequality, and what we can do to engage more constructively. $32.00$27.95 explore asian stories see more interior chinatown: a novel charles yu 2020 national book award winner "one of the funniest books of the year ... a delicious, ambitious hollywood satire." ?the washington post from the infinitely inventive author of how to live safely in a science fictional universe comes a deeply personal novel about race, pop culture, immigration, assimilation, and escaping the roles we are forced to play. willis wu doesn?t perceive himself as a protagonist even in his own life: he?s merely generic asian man. sometimes he gets to be background oriental making a weird face or even disgraced son, but he is always relegated to a prop. yet every day he leaves his tiny room in a chinatown sro and enters the golden palace restaurant, where black and white, a procedural cop show, is in perpetual production. he?s a bit player here, too, but he dreams of being kung fu guy?the most respected role that anyone who looks like him can attain. at least that?s what he has been told, time and time again. except by one person, his mother. who says to him: be more. playful but heartfelt, a send-up of hollywood tropes and asian stereotypes, interior chinatown is charles yu?s most moving, daring, and masterly novel yet. "fresh and beautiful ... interior chinatown represents yet another stellar destination in the journey of a sui generis author of seemingly limitless skill and ambition.? ?the new york times book review $20.00$14.95 the three-body problem cixin liu soon to be a netflix original series! ?war of the worlds for the 21st century.? ? wall street journal the three-body problem is the first chance for english-speaking readers to experience the hugo award-winning phenomenon from china's most beloved science fiction author, liu cixin. set against the backdrop of china's cultural revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. an alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade earth. meanwhile, on earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. the result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision. the three-body problem series the three-body problem the dark forest death's end other books ball lightning supernova era to hold up the sky (forthcoming) $35.99$25.95 burnout: the secret to unlocking the stress cycle emily nagoski, phd new york times bestseller ? ?this book is a gift! i?ve been practicing their strategies, and it?s a total game-changer.??bren? brown, phd, author of the #1 new york times bestseller dare to lead this groundbreaking book explains why women experience burnout differently than men?and provides a simple, science-based plan to help women minimize stress, manage emotions, and live a more joyful life. burnout. many women in america have experienced it. what?s expected of women and what it?s really like to be a woman in today?s world are two very different things?and women exhaust themselves trying to close the gap between them. how can you ?love your body? when every magazine cover has ten diet tips for becoming ?your best self?? how do you ?lean in? at work when you?re already operating at 110 percent and aren?t recognized for it? how can you live happily and healthily in a sexist world that is constantly telling you you?re too fat, too needy, too noisy, and too selfish? sisters emily nagoski, phd, and amelia nagoski, dma, are here to help end the cycle of feeling overwhelmed and exhausted. instead of asking us to ignore the very real obstacles and societal pressures that stand between women and well-being, they explain with compassion and optimism what we?re up against?and show us how to fight back. in these pages you?ll learn ? what you can do to complete the biological stress cycle?and return your body to a state of relaxation ? how to manage the ?monitor? in your brain that regulates the emotion of frustration ? how the bikini industrial complex makes it difficult for women to love their bodies?and how to defend yourself against it ? why rest, human connection, and befriending your inner critic are keys to recovering and preventing burnout with the help of eye-opening science, prescriptive advice, and helpful worksheets and exercises, all women will find something transformative in these pages?and will be empowered to create positive change. emily and amelia aren?t here to preach the broad platitudes of expensive self-care or insist that we strive for the impossible goal of ?having it all.? instead, they tell us that we are enough, just as we are?and that wellness, true wellness, is within our reach. named one of the best books of the year by bookriot ?burnout is the gold standard of self-help books, delivering cutting-edge science with energy, empathy, and wit. the authors know exactly what?s going on inside your frazzled brain and body, and exactly what you can do to fix it. . . . truly life-changing.??sarah knight, new york times bestselling author of calm the f*ck down $27.00$19.95 the paper menagerie and other stories ken liu featured in the netflix series love, death & robots bestselling author ken liu selects his multiple award-winning stories for a groundbreaking collection?including a brand-new piece exclusive to this volume. with his debut novel, the grace of kings, taking the literary world by storm, ken liu now shares his finest short fiction in the paper menagerie and other stories. this mesmerizing collection features many of ken?s award-winning and award-finalist stories, including: ?the man who ended history: a documentary? (finalist for the hugo, nebula, and theodore sturgeon awards), ?mono no aware? (hugo award winner), ?the waves? (nebula award finalist), ?the bookmaking habits of select species? (nebula and sturgeon award finalists), ?all the flavors? (nebula award finalist), ?the litigation master and the monkey king? (nebula award finalist), and the most awarded story in the genre?s history, ?the paper menagerie? (the only story to win the hugo, nebula, and world fantasy awards). insightful and stunning stories that plumb the struggle against history and betrayal of relationships in pivotal moments, this collection showcases one of our greatest and original voices. $32.00$27.95 dear girls: intimate tales, untold secrets & advice for living your best life ali wong new york times bestseller ? ali wong?s heartfelt and hilarious letters to her daughters (the two she put to work while they were still in utero) cover everything they need to know in life, like the unpleasant details of dating, how to be a working mom in a male-dominated profession, and how she trapped their dad. ?knife-sharp . . . a genuine pleasure.??the new york times named one of the best books of the year by time ? variety ? chicago tribune ? glamour ? new york in her hit netflix comedy special baby cobra, an eight-month pregnant ali wong resonated so strongly that she even became a popular halloween costume. wong told the world her remarkably unfiltered thoughts on marriage, sex, asian culture, working women, and why you never see new mom comics on stage but you sure see plenty of new dads. the sharp insights and humor are even more personal in this completely original collection. she shares the wisdom she?s learned from a life in comedy and reveals stories from her life off stage, including the brutal single life in new york (i.e. the inevitable confrontation with erectile dysfunction), reconnecting with her roots (and drinking snake blood) in vietnam, tales of being a wild child growing up in san francisco, and parenting war stories. though addressed to her daughters, ali wong?s letters are absurdly funny, surprisingly moving, and enlightening (and gross) for all. praise for dear girls ?fierce, feminist, and packed with funny anecdotes.??entertainment weekly ?[wong] spins a volume whose pages simultaneously shock and satisfy. . . . dear girls is not so much a real-talk handbook as it is a myth-puncturing manifesto.??vogue ?[a] refreshing, hilarious, and honest account of making a career in a male-dominated field, dating, being a mom, growing up, and so much more?yes, this book is addressed to wong?s daughters, but every reader will find nuggets of wisdom and inspiration and, most important, something to laugh at.??bustle $23.00$14.95 norwegian wood haruki murakami a magnificent coming-of-age story steeped in nostalgia, norwegian wood blends the music, the mood, and the ethos that were the sixties with a young man?s hopeless and heroic first love. toru, a serious young college student in tokyo, is devoted to naoko, a beautiful and introspective young woman, but their mutual passion is marked by the tragic death of their best friend years before. as naoko retreats further into her own world, toru finds himself drawn to a fiercely independent and sexually liberated young woman. stunning and elegiac, norwegian wood first propelled haruki murakami into the forefront of the literary scene. $29.50$25.95 the tea girl of hummingbird lane: a novel lisa see from #1 new york times bestselling author lisa see, ?one of those special writers capable of delivering both poetry and plot? (the new york times book review), a moving novel about tradition, tea farming, and the bonds between mothers and daughters. in their remote mountain village, li-yan and her family align their lives around the seasons and the farming of tea. for the akha people, ensconced in ritual and routine, life goes on as it has for generations?until a stranger appears at the village gate in a jeep, the first automobile any of the villagers has ever seen. the stranger?s arrival marks the first entrance of the modern world in the lives of the akha people. slowly, li-yan, one of the few educated girls on her mountain, begins to reject the customs that shaped her early life. when she has a baby out of wedlock?conceived with a man her parents consider a poor choice?she rejects the tradition that would compel her to give the child over to be killed, and instead leaves her, wrapped in a blanket with a tea cake tucked in its folds, near an orphanage in a nearby city. as li-yan comes into herself, leaving her insular village for an education, a business, and city life, her daughter, haley, is raised in california by loving adoptive parents. despite her privileged childhood, haley wonders about her origins. across the ocean li-yan longs for her lost daughter. over the course of years, each searches for meaning in the study of pu?er, the tea that has shaped their family?s destiny for centuries. a powerful story about circumstances, culture, and distance, the tea girl of hummingbird lane paints an unforgettable portrait of a little known region and its people and celebrates the bond of family. $32.00$27.95 the poppy war: a novel r. f. kuang an audiofile magazine best audiobook of 2018! a library journal, paste magazine, and entropy best books of 2018 pick! washington post "5 best science fiction and fantasy novel of 2018" pick! a bustle "30 best fiction books of 2018" pick! ?i have no doubt this will end up being the best fantasy debut of the year [...] i have absolutely no doubt that [kuang?s] name will be up there with the likes of robin hobb and n.k. jemisin.? -- booknest a brilliantly imaginative talent makes her exciting debut with this epic historical military fantasy, inspired by the bloody history of china?s twentieth century and filled with treachery and magic, in the tradition of ken liu?s grace of kings and n.k. jemisin?s inheritance trilogy. when rin aced the keju?the empire-wide test to find the most talented youth to learn at the academies?it was a shock to everyone: to the test officials, who couldn?t believe a war orphan from rooster province could pass without cheating; to rin?s guardians, who believed they?d finally be able to marry her off and further their criminal enterprise; and to rin herself, who realized she was finally free of the servitude and despair that had made up her daily existence. that she got into sinegard?the most elite military school in nikan?was even more surprising. but surprises aren?t always good. because being a dark-skinned peasant girl from the south is not an easy thing at sinegard. targeted from the outset by rival classmates for her color, poverty, and gender, rin discovers she possesses a lethal, unearthly power?an aptitude for the nearly-mythical art of shamanism. exploring the depths of her gift with the help of a seemingly insane teacher and psychoactive substances, rin learns that gods long thought dead are very much alive?and that mastering control over those powers could mean more than just surviving school. for while the nikara empire is at peace, the federation of mugen still lurks across a narrow sea. the militarily advanced federation occupied nikan for decades after the first poppy war, and only barely lost the continent in the second. and while most of the people are complacent to go about their lives, a few are aware that a third poppy war is just a spark away . . . rin?s shamanic powers may be the only way to save her people. but as she finds out more about the god that has chosen her, the vengeful phoenix, she fears that winning the war may cost her humanity . . . and that it may already be too late. $47.99$38.39 wild swans: three daughters of china jung chang the story of three generations in twentieth-century china that blends the intimacy of memoir and the panoramic sweep of eyewitness history?a bestselling classic in thirty languages with more than ten million copies sold around the world, now with a new introduction from the author. an engrossing record of mao?s impact on china, an unusual window on the female experience in the modern world, and an inspiring tale of courage and love, jung chang describes the extraordinary lives and experiences of her family members: her grandmother, a warlord?s concubine; her mother?s struggles as a young idealistic communist; and her parents? experience as members of the communist elite and their ordeal during the cultural revolution. chang was a red guard briefly at the age of fourteen, then worked as a peasant, a ?barefoot doctor,? a steelworker, and an electrician. as the story of each generation unfolds, chang captures in gripping, moving?and ultimately uplifting?detail the cycles of violent drama visited on her own family and millions of others caught in the whirlwind of history. $39.99$36.91 the life-changing magic of tidying up: the japanese art of decluttering and organizing marie kondo despite constant efforts to declutter your home, do papers still accumulate like snowdrifts and clothes pile up like a tangled mess of noodles? japanese cleaning consultant marie kondo takes tidying to a whole new level, promising that if you properly simplify and organize your home once, you'll never have to do it again. most methods advocate a room-by-room or little-by-little approach, which doom you to pick away at your piles of stuff forever. the konmari method, with its revolutionary category-by-category system, leads to lasting results. in fact, none of kondo's clients have lapsed (and she still has a three-month waiting list). with detailed guidance for determining which items in your house "spark joy" (and which don't), this international bestseller featuring tokyo's newest lifestyle phenomenon will help you clear your clutter and enjoy the unique magic of a tidy home-and the calm, motivated mindset it can inspire. $20.02$14.95 hey google, tell me a quidditch story explore hogwarts' favorite sport with assistant listen to a new series see more the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy douglas adams new york times bestseller ? ?extremely funny . . . inspired lunacy . . . [and] over much too soon.??the washington post book world soon to be a hulu series ? now celebrating the pivotal 42nd anniversary of the hitchhiker?s guide to the galaxy! nominated as one of america?s best-loved novels by pbs?s the great american read it?s an ordinary thursday morning for arthur dent . . . until his house gets demolished. the earth follows shortly after to make way for a new hyperspace express route, and arthur?s best friend has just announced that he?s an alien. after that, things get much, much worse. with just a towel, a small yellow fish, and a book, arthur has to navigate through a very hostile universe in the company of a gang of unreliable aliens. luckily the fish is quite good at languages. and the book is the hitchhiker?s guide to the galaxy . . . which helpfully has the words don?t panic inscribed in large, friendly letters on its cover. douglas adams?s mega-selling pop-culture classic sends logic into orbit, plays havoc with both time and physics, offers up pithy commentary on such things as ballpoint pens, potted plants, and digital watches . . . and, most important, reveals the ultimate answer to life, the universe, and everything. now, if you could only figure out the question. . . . $20.00$14.95 harry potter and the sorcerer's stone j.k. rowling turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger and a snake surrounding a large letter 'h'. harry potter has never even heard of hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, privet drive. addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. then, on harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle-eyed giant of a man called rubeus hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news: harry potter is a wizard, and he has a place at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. an incredible adventure is about to begin! having become classics of our time, the harry potter stories never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new listeners. $37.47$34.59 fifty shades of grey: book one of the fifty shades trilogy e l james more than 150 million copies sold worldwide look for e l james?s passionate new love story, the mister, available now. when literature student anastasia steele goes to interview young entrepreneur christian grey, she encounters a man who is beautiful, brilliant, and intimidating. the unworldly, innocent ana is startled to realize she wants this man and, despite his enigmatic reserve, finds she is desperate to get close to him. unable to resist ana?s quiet beauty, wit, and independent spirit, grey admits he wants her, too?but on his own terms. shocked yet thrilled by grey?s singular erotic tastes, ana hesitates. for all the trappings of success?his multinational businesses, his vast wealth, his loving family?grey is a man tormented by demons and consumed by the need to control. when the couple embarks on a daring, passionately physical affair, ana discovers christian grey?s secrets and explores her own dark desires. this book is intended for mature audiences. $28.00$19.95 dune: book one in the dune chronicles frank herbert soon to be a major motion picture directed by denis villeneuve, starring timoth?e chalamet, josh brolin, jason momoa, zendaya, rebecca ferguson, oscar isaac, javier bardem, dave bautista, stellan skarsg?rd, and charlotte rampling. set on the desert planet arrakis, dune is the story of the boy paul atreides, who would become the mysterious man known as muad'dib. he would avenge the traitorous plot against his noble family?and would bring to fruition humankind's most ancient and unattainable dream. a stunning blend of adventure and mysticism, environmentalism and politics, dune won the first nebula award, shared the hugo award, and formed the basis of what is undoubtedly the grandest epic in science fiction. frank herbert's death in 1986 was a tragic loss, yet the astounding legacy of his visionary fiction will live forever. motion picture artwork ? 2021 legendary and warner bros. entertainment inc. all rights reserved. $59.99$46.14 blood of elves andrzej sapkowski andrzej sapkowski, winner of the world fantasy award for life achievement, created an international phenomenon with his groundbreaking epic fantasy series, the witcher. blood of elves is the first novel in the saga that inspired the netflix show and the hit video games. for over a century, humans, dwarves, gnomes, and elves have lived together in relative peace. but times have changed, the uneasy peace is over, and now the races are fighting once again. the only good elf, it seems, is a dead elf. geralt of rivia, the cunning hunter known as the witcher, has been waiting for the birth of a prophesied child. this child has the power to change the world for good?or for evil. as the threat of war hangs over the land and the child is hunted for her extraordinary powers, it will become geralt's responsibility to protect them all. and the witcher never accepts defeat. witcher story collections the last wish sword of destiny witcher novels blood of elves the time of contempt baptism of fire the tower of swallows lady of the lake season of storms hussite trilogy the tower of fools warriors of god translated from original polish by danusia stok $30.98$19.95 eragon: inheritance, book i christopher paolini don?t miss the latest book from the author of eragon, the fork, the witch, and the worm: tales from alaga?sia! perfect for fans of lord of the rings, the new york times bestselling inheritance cycle about the dragon rider eragon has sold over 35 million copies and is an international fantasy sensation. fifteen-year-old eragon believes that he is merely a poor farm boy?until his destiny as a dragon rider is revealed. gifted with only an ancient sword, a loyal dragon, and sage advice from an old storyteller, eragon is soon swept into a dangerous tapestry of magic, glory, and power. now his choices could save?or destroy?the empire. ?an authentic work of great talent.??the new york times book review ?christopher paolini make[s] literary magic with his precocious debut.??people ?unusual, powerful, fresh, and fluid.??booklist, starred ?an auspicious beginning to both career and series.? ?publishers weekly a new york times bestseller a usa today bestseller a wall street journal bestseller a book sense bestseller $34.00$29.95 miss peregrine's home for peculiar children ransom riggs a mysterious island. an abandoned orphanage. a strange collection of very curious photographs. it all waits to be discovered in miss peregrine?s home for peculiar children, an unforgettable novel that makes for a thrilling listening experience. as our story opens, a horrific family tragedy sets sixteen-year-old jacob journeying to a remote island off the coast of wales, where he discovers the crumbling ruins of miss peregrine?s home for peculiar children. as jacob explores its abandoned bedrooms and hallways, it becomes clear that the children were more than just peculiar. they may have been dangerous. they may have been quarantined on a deserted island for good reason. and somehow?impossible though it seems?they may still be alive. a spine-tingling fantasy, miss peregrine?s home for peculiar children will delight adults, teens, and anyone who relishes an adventure in the shadows. includes a bonus pdf of photographs and letters from the book $23.00$14.95 killing floor lee child the first novel in lee child's #1 new york times bestselling jack reacher series?now an original series on prime video! ?from its jolting opening scene to its fiery final confrontation, killing floor is irresistible.??people ex-military policeman jack reacher is a drifter. he?s just passing through margrave, georgia, and in less than an hour, he?s arrested for murder. not much of a welcome. all reacher knows is that he didn?t kill anybody. at least not here. not lately. but he doesn?t stand a chance of convincing anyone. not in margrave, georgia. not a chance in hell. $33.00$28.95 the sweetness at the bottom of the pie: a flavia de luce mystery alan bradley in his wickedly brilliant first novel, debut dagger award winner alan bradley introduces one of the most singular and engaging heroines in recent fiction: eleven-year-old flavia de luce, an aspiring chemist with a passion for poison. it is the summer of 1950?and a series of inexplicable events has struck buckshaw, the decaying english mansion that flavia?s family calls home. a dead bird is found on the doorstep, a postage stamp bizarrely pinned to its beak. hours later, flavia finds a man lying in the cucumber patch and watches him as he takes his dying breath. for flavia, who is both appalled and delighted, life begins in earnest when murder comes to buckshaw. ?i wish i could say i was afraid, but i wasn?t. quite the contrary. this was by far the most interesting thing that had ever happened to me in my entire life.? to flavia the investigation is the stuff of science: full of possibilities, contradictions, and connections. soon her father, a man raising his three daughters alone, is seized, accused of murder. and in a police cell, during a violent thunderstorm, colonel de luce tells his daughter an astounding story?of a schoolboy friendship turned ugly, of a priceless object that vanished in a bizarre and brazen act of thievery, of a latin teacher who flung himself to his death from the school?s tower thirty years before. now flavia is armed with more than enough knowledge to tie two distant deaths together, to examine new suspects, and begin a search that will lead her all the way to the king of england himself. of this much the girl is sure: her father is innocent of murder?but protecting her and her sisters from something even worse?. an enthralling mystery, a piercing depiction of class and society, the sweetness at the bottom of the pie is a masterfully told tale of deceptions?and a rich literary delight. $21.00$14.95 one second after william r. forstchen in a small north carolina town, one man struggles to save his family after america loses a war that will send it back to the dark ages. already cited on the floor of congress and discussed in the corridors of the pentagon as a book all americans should read, one second after is the story of a war scenario that could become all too terrifyingly real. based on a real weapon-the electromagnetic pulse (emp)-which may already be in the hands of our enemies, it is a truly realistic look at the awesome power of a weapon that can destroy the entire united states, literally within one second. in the tradition of on the beach, fail safe, and testament, this book, set in a typical american town, is a dire warning of what might be our future and our end. $28.71$16.95 free audiobooks from nightfire see more come join us by the fire, season 2: 18 short horror tales from nightfire various authors come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free some breakable things: a short horror story cassandra khaw as though to make up for his absence in life, your father?s ghost follows you everywhere. he is hungry. "some brekable things" by cassandra khaw is one of 18 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free the changeling: a short horror story sarah langan she can no longer remember her name. she only remembers the faces of the children she stole. "the changeling" by sarah langan is one of 18 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free music of the abyss: a short horror story shaun hamill the bells have always been a clear sign to the rest of the strange coastal town: stay indoors tonight. "music of the abyss" by shaun hamill is one of 9 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire s2: originals is the second installment of nightfire's audio-first horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. "season 2: originals" features nine all-new stories from authors laird barron, indrapramit das, brian evenson, craig laurance gidney, camilla grudova, shaun hamill, gabino iglesias, daniel m. lavery, and sunny moraine. $2.99 standing water: a short horror story caitlin r. kiernan an impossible puddle holds unfathomable secrets. "standing water" by caitl?n r. kiernan is one of 18 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free bone: a short horror story tade thompson revenge is a dish best served with clean, sharp knives. "bone" by tade thompson is one of 18 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free origin story: a short horror story t. kingfisher when abominations begin roaming the village streets at night, the slaughterhouse workers grow suspicious of the fairy who works there. "origin story" by t. kingfisher is one of 18 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free the sound of footsteps: a short horror story silvia moreno-garcia an abandoned record store, a ouija board, and an unexpected reunion. "the sound of footsteps" by silvia moreno-garcia is one of 18 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free joren falls: a short horror story laird barron for one retiree, the past can never be packed away. "joren falls" by laird barron is one of 9 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire s2: originals is the second installment of nightfire's audio-first horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. "season 2: originals" features nine all-new stories from authors laird barron, indrapramit das, brian evenson, craig laurance gidney, camilla grudova, shaun hamill, gabino iglesias, daniel m. lavery, and sunny moraine. $2.99 tooth, tongue, and claw: a short horror story damien angelica walters "once upon a time there was a monster." this is how they tell you the story of beauty and the beast starts. this is a lie. "tooth, tongue, and claw" by damien angelica walter is one of 18 short horror stories in nightfire's audio anthology. come join us by the fire season 2 is the second installment of nightfire's audio horror anthology, featuring a wide collection of short stories from emerging voices in the horror genre as well as longtime fan favorites. the collection showcases the breadth of talent writing in the horror genre today, with contributions from a wide range of genre luminaries like seanan mcguire, t. kingfisher, and caitl?n r. kiernan; it includes stories from nightfire?s own cassandra khaw (nothing but blackened teeth) and silvia moreno-garcia (certain dark things); and from rising stars like nibedita sen, matthew lyons, and jessica guess. plus, it has nick antosca?s ?the quiet boy,? soon to be a major motion picture, antlers, starring keri russell. free popular audiobooks see more an offer from a gentleman julia quinn sophie beckett never dreamed she'd be able to sneak into lady bridgerton's famed masquerade ball-or that "prince charming" would be waiting there for her! though the daughter of an earl, sophie has been relegated to the role of servant by her disdainful stepmother. but now, spinning in the strong arms of the debonair and devastatingly handsome benedict bridgerton, she feels like royalty. alas, she knows all enchantments must end when the clock strikes midnight. who was that extraordinary woman? ever since that magical night, a radiant vision in silver has blinded benedict to the attractions of any other-except, perhaps, this alluring and oddly familiar beauty dressed in housemaid's garb whom he feels compelled to rescue from a most disagreeable situation. he has sworn to find and wed his mystery miss, but this breathtaking maid makes him weak with wanting her. yet, if he offers her his heart, will benedict sacrifice his only chance for a fairy tale love? $31.23$19.95 the viscount who loved me julia quinn 1814 promises to be another eventful season, but not, this author believes, for anthony bridgerton, london's most elusive bachelor, who has shown no indication that he plans to marry. and in all truth, why should he? when it comes to playing the consummate rake, nobody does it better... -lady whistledown's society papers, april 1814 but this time the gossip columnists have it wrong. anthony bridgerton hasn't just decided to marry-he's even chosen a wife! the only obstacle is his intended's older sister, kate sheffield-the most meddlesome woman ever to grace a london ballroom. the spirited schemer is driving anthony mad with her determination to stop the betrothal, but when he closes his eyes at night, kate's the woman haunting his increasingly erotic dreams... contrary to popular belief, kate is quite sure that reformed rakes do not make the best husbands-and anthony bridgerton is the most wicked rogue of them all. kate is determined to protect her sister-but she fears her own heart is vulnerable. and when anthony's lips touch hers, she's suddenly afraid she might not be able to resist the reprehensible rake herself... $31.23$19.95 the duke and i julia quinn simon basset, the irresistible duke of hastings, has hatched a plan to keep himself free from the town's marriage-minded society mothers. he pretends to be engaged to the lovely daphne bridgerton. after all, it isn't as if the brooding rogue has any real plans to marry-though there is something about the alluring miss bridgerton that sets simon's heart beating a bit faster. and as for daphne, surely the clever debutante will attract some very worthy suitors now that it seems a duke has declared her desirable. but as daphne waltzes across ballroom after ballroom with simon, she soon forgets that their courtship is a complete sham. and now she has to do the impossible and keep herself from losing her heart and soul completely to the handsome hell-raiser who has sworn off marriage forever! $31.23$19.95 to sir phillip, with love julia quinn sir phillip knew that eloise bridgerton was a spinster, and so he'd proposed, figuring that she'd be homely and unassuming, and more than a little desperate for an offer of marriage. except . . . she wasn't. the beautiful woman on his doorstep was anything but quiet, and when she stopped talking long enough to close her mouth, all he wanted to do was kiss her . . . and more. did he think she was mad? eloise bridgerton couldn't marry a man she had never met! but then she started thinking . . . and wondering . . . and before she knew it, she was in a hired carriage in the middle of the night, on her way to meet the man she hoped might be her perfect match. except . . . he wasn't. her perfect husband wouldn't be so moody and ill-mannered, and while phillip was certainly handsome, he was a large brute of a man, rough and rugged, and totally unlike the london gentlemen vying for her hand. but when he smiled . . . and when he kissed her . . . the rest of the world simply fell away, and she couldn't help but wonder . . . could this imperfect man be perfect for her? $31.23$19.95 sylvanas (world of warcraft) christie golden the epic, definitive story of sylvanas windrunner, one of world of warcraft?s most enduring and iconic characters, as chronicled by bestselling author christie golden. ranger-general. banshee queen. warchief. sylvanas windrunner has borne many titles. to some, she is a hero?to others, a villain. but whether in pursuit of justice, vengeance, or something more, sylvanas has always sought to control her own destiny. the power to achieve her goals has never been closer, as sylvanas works alongside the jailer to liberate all azeroth from the prison of fate. her final task? secure the fealty of their prisoner?king anduin wrynn. to succeed, sylvanas will be forced to reflect on the harrowing path that brought her to the jailer?s side and to reveal her truest self to her greatest rival. here, sylvanas?s complete story is laid bare: the breaking of the windrunner family and her rise to ranger- general; her own death at the hands of arthas and her renewed purpose in founding the forsaken; the moment she first beheld the maw and understood the true consequences of what lay beyond the veil of death. but as her moment of victory draws near, sylvanas windrunner will make a choice that may ultimately come to define her. a choice that?s hers to make. $34.00$29.95 romancing mister bridgerton julia quinn everyone knows that colin bridgerton is the most charming man in london. penelope featherington has secretly adored her best friend's brother for . . . well, it feels like forever. after half a lifetime of watching colin bridgerton from afar, she thinks she knows everything about him, until she stumbles across his deepest secret . . . and fears she doesn't know him at all. colin bridgerton is tired of being thought nothing but an empty-headed charmer, tired of everyone's preoccupation with the notorious gossip columnist lady whistledown, who can't seem to publish an edition without mentioning him in the first paragraph. but when colin returns to london from a trip abroad he discovers nothing in his life is quite the same-especially penelope featherington! the girl haunting his dreams. but when he discovers that penelope has secrets of her own, this elusive bachelor must decide . . . is she his biggest threat-or his promise of a happy ending? $31.23$19.95 atomic habits: an easy & proven way to build good habits & break bad ones james clear the #1 new york times bestseller. over 4 million copies sold! tiny changes, remarkable results no matter your goals, atomic habits offers a proven framework for improving--every day. james clear, one of the world's leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results. if you're having trouble changing your habits, the problem isn't you. the problem is your system. bad habits repeat themselves again and again not because you don't want to change, but because you have the wrong system for change. you do not rise to the level of your goals. you fall to the level of your systems. here, you'll get a proven system that can take you to new heights. clear is known for his ability to distill complex topics into simple behaviors that can be easily applied to daily life and work. here, he draws on the most proven ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to create an easy-to-understand guide for making good habits inevitable and bad habits impossible. along the way, readers will be inspired and entertained with true stories from olympic gold medalists, award-winning artists, business leaders, life-saving physicians, and star comedians who have used the science of small habits to master their craft and vault to the top of their field. learn how to: ? make time for new habits (even when life gets crazy); ? overcome a lack of motivation and willpower; ? design your environment to make success easier; ? get back on track when you fall off course; ...and much more. atomic habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success, and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits--whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, or achieve any other goal. $27.00$19.95 where the crawdads sing delia owens #1 new york times bestselling phenomenon?soon to be a major motion picture! more than 12 million copies sold worldwide a reese?s book club pick a business insider defining book of the decade ?i can't even express how much i love this book! i didn't want this story to end!??reese witherspoon ?painfully beautiful.??the new york times book review for years, rumors of the "marsh girl" have haunted barkley cove, a quiet town on the north carolina coast. so in late 1969, when handsome chase andrews is found dead, the locals immediately suspect kya clark, the so-called marsh girl. but kya is not what they say. sensitive and intelligent, she has survived for years alone in the marsh that she calls home, finding friends in the gulls and lessons in the sand. then the time comes when she yearns to be touched and loved. when two young men from town become intrigued by her wild beauty, kya opens herself to a new life?until the unthinkable happens. where the crawdads sing is at once an exquisite ode to the natural world, a heartbreaking coming-of-age story, and a surprising tale of possible murder. owens reminds us that we are forever shaped by the children we once were, and that we are all subject to the beautiful and violent secrets that nature keeps. $29.50$25.95 five little indians: a novel michelle good winner: governor general?s literary award for fiction winner: amazon first novel awards winner: kobo emerging author prize finalist: scotiabank giller prize finalist: atwood gibson writers trust prize finalist: bc & yukon book prize shortlist: indigenous voices awards finalist: kobo emerging author prize national bestseller; a globe and mail top 100 book of the year; a cbc best book of the year; an apple best book of the year; a kobo best book of the year; an indigo best book of the year taken from their families when they are very small and sent to a remote, church-run residential school, kenny, lucy, clara, howie and maisie are barely out of childhood when they are finally released after years of detention. alone and without any skills, support or families, the teens find their way to the seedy and foreign world of downtown eastside vancouver, where they cling together, striving to find a place of safety and belonging in a world that doesn?t want them. the paths of the five friends cross and crisscross over the decades as they struggle to overcome, or at least forget, the trauma they endured during their years at the mission. fuelled by rage and furious with god, clara finds her way into the dangerous, highly charged world of the american indian movement. maisie internalizes her pain and continually places herself in dangerous situations. famous for his daring escapes from the school, kenny can?t stop running and moves restlessly from job to job?through fishing grounds, orchards and logging camps?trying to outrun his memories and his addiction. lucy finds peace in motherhood and nurtures a secret compulsive disorder as she waits for kenny to return to the life they once hoped to share together. after almost beating one of his tormentors to death, howie serves time in prison, then tries once again to re-enter society and begin life anew. with compassion and insight, five little indians chronicles the desperate quest of these residential school survivors to come to terms with their past and, ultimately, find a way forward. $34.99$26.95 the recovery agent: a novel janet evanovich #1 new york times bestselling author janet evanovich returns with the launch of a blockbuster new series that blends wild adventure, hugely appealing characters, and pitch-perfect humor, proving once again why she?s ?the most popular mystery writer alive? (the new york times). lost something? gabriela rose knows how to get it back. as a recovery agent, she?s hired by individuals and companies seeking lost treasures, stolen heirlooms, or missing assets of any kind. she?s reliable, cool under pressure, and well trained in weapons of all types. but gabriela?s latest job isn?t for some bamboozled billionaire, it?s for her own family, whose home is going to be wiped off the map if they can?t come up with a lot of money fast. inspired by an old family legend, gabriela sets off for the jungles of peru in pursuit of the ring of solomon and the lost treasure of lima. but this particular job comes with a huge problem attached to it?gabriela?s ex-husband, rafer. it?s rafer who has the map that possibly points the way to the treasure, and he?s not about to let gabriela find it without him. rafer is as relaxed as gabriela is driven, and he has a lifetime?s experience getting under his ex-wife?s skin. but when they aren?t bickering about old times the two make a formidable team, and it?s going to take a team to defeat the vicious drug lord who has also been searching for the fabled ring. a drug lord who doesn?t mind leaving a large body count behind him to get it. the recovery agent marks the start of an irresistible new series that will have you clamoring for more and cheering for the unstoppable gabriela rose on every page. $22.99$14.95 sci-fi & fantasy audiobooks see more sylvanas (world of warcraft) christie golden the epic, definitive story of sylvanas windrunner, one of world of warcraft?s most enduring and iconic characters, as chronicled by bestselling author christie golden. ranger-general. banshee queen. warchief. sylvanas windrunner has borne many titles. to some, she is a hero?to others, a villain. but whether in pursuit of justice, vengeance, or something more, sylvanas has always sought to control her own destiny. the power to achieve her goals has never been closer, as sylvanas works alongside the jailer to liberate all azeroth from the prison of fate. her final task? secure the fealty of their prisoner?king anduin wrynn. to succeed, sylvanas will be forced to reflect on the harrowing path that brought her to the jailer?s side and to reveal her truest self to her greatest rival. here, sylvanas?s complete story is laid bare: the breaking of the windrunner family and her rise to ranger- general; her own death at the hands of arthas and her renewed purpose in founding the forsaken; the moment she first beheld the maw and understood the true consequences of what lay beyond the veil of death. but as her moment of victory draws near, sylvanas windrunner will make a choice that may ultimately come to define her. a choice that?s hers to make. $34.00$29.95 dune: book one in the dune chronicles frank herbert soon to be a major motion picture directed by denis villeneuve, starring timoth?e chalamet, josh brolin, jason momoa, zendaya, rebecca ferguson, oscar isaac, javier bardem, dave bautista, stellan skarsg?rd, and charlotte rampling. set on the desert planet arrakis, dune is the story of the boy paul atreides, who would become the mysterious man known as muad'dib. he would avenge the traitorous plot against his noble family?and would bring to fruition humankind's most ancient and unattainable dream. a stunning blend of adventure and mysticism, environmentalism and politics, dune won the first nebula award, shared the hugo award, and formed the basis of what is undoubtedly the grandest epic in science fiction. frank herbert's death in 1986 was a tragic loss, yet the astounding legacy of his visionary fiction will live forever. motion picture artwork ? 2021 legendary and warner bros. entertainment inc. all rights reserved. $59.99$46.14 dune messiah: book two in the dune chronicles frank herbert the bestselling science fiction series of all time continues! frank herbert's second installment explores new developments on the desert planet arrakis, with its intricate social order and its strange threatening environment. dune messiah picks up the story of the man known as maud'dib, heir to a power unimaginable, bringing to fruition an ambition of unparalleled scale: the centuries-old scheme to create a superbeing who reigns not in the heavens but among men. but the question is: do all paths of glory lead to the grave? $26.99$14.95 the poppy war: a novel r. f. kuang an audiofile magazine best audiobook of 2018! a library journal, paste magazine, and entropy best books of 2018 pick! washington post "5 best science fiction and fantasy novel of 2018" pick! a bustle "30 best fiction books of 2018" pick! ?i have no doubt this will end up being the best fantasy debut of the year [...] i have absolutely no doubt that [kuang?s] name will be up there with the likes of robin hobb and n.k. jemisin.? -- booknest a brilliantly imaginative talent makes her exciting debut with this epic historical military fantasy, inspired by the bloody history of china?s twentieth century and filled with treachery and magic, in the tradition of ken liu?s grace of kings and n.k. jemisin?s inheritance trilogy. when rin aced the keju?the empire-wide test to find the most talented youth to learn at the academies?it was a shock to everyone: to the test officials, who couldn?t believe a war orphan from rooster province could pass without cheating; to rin?s guardians, who believed they?d finally be able to marry her off and further their criminal enterprise; and to rin herself, who realized she was finally free of the servitude and despair that had made up her daily existence. that she got into sinegard?the most elite military school in nikan?was even more surprising. but surprises aren?t always good. because being a dark-skinned peasant girl from the south is not an easy thing at sinegard. targeted from the outset by rival classmates for her color, poverty, and gender, rin discovers she possesses a lethal, unearthly power?an aptitude for the nearly-mythical art of shamanism. exploring the depths of her gift with the help of a seemingly insane teacher and psychoactive substances, rin learns that gods long thought dead are very much alive?and that mastering control over those powers could mean more than just surviving school. for while the nikara empire is at peace, the federation of mugen still lurks across a narrow sea. the militarily advanced federation occupied nikan for decades after the first poppy war, and only barely lost the continent in the second. and while most of the people are complacent to go about their lives, a few are aware that a third poppy war is just a spark away . . . rin?s shamanic powers may be the only way to save her people. but as she finds out more about the god that has chosen her, the vengeful phoenix, she fears that winning the war may cost her humanity . . . and that it may already be too late. $47.99$38.39 harry potter and the sorcerer's stone j.k. rowling turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger and a snake surrounding a large letter 'h'. harry potter has never even heard of hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, privet drive. addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. then, on harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle-eyed giant of a man called rubeus hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news: harry potter is a wizard, and he has a place at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. an incredible adventure is about to begin! having become classics of our time, the harry potter stories never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new listeners. $37.47$34.59 the fellowship of the ring j.r.r. tolkien inspired by the hobbit, and begun in 1937, the lord of the rings is a trilogy that tolkien created to provide ?the necessary background of history for elvish tongues.? from these academic aspirations was born one of the most popular and imaginative works in english literature. the fellowship of the ring, the first volume in the trilogy, tells of the fateful power of the one ring. it begins a magnificent tale of adventure that will plunge the members of the fellowship of the ring into a perilous quest and set the stage for the ultimate clash between powers of good and evil. in this splendid, unabridged audio production of tolkien?s great work, all the inhabitants of a magical universe?hobbits, elves, and wizards?step colorfully forth from the pages. rob inglis? narration has been praised as a masterpiece of audio. ?suffice it to say that this unabridged recorded version ... is marvelous in all respects. the narration is clear and delivered in a smooth english accent of a master storyteller.??kliat $37.48$27.95 collected works of george orwell: nineteen eighty-four (1984), animal farm, looking back on the spanish war, down and out in paris and london george orwell revised&corrected edition a lot of things that orwell described as if happening in 1984 can be observed in the nowadays world. however, he depicted the future that everyone should be afraid of at any time. the anti-utopian parable or satiric story animal farm is an allegory of the revolution of 1917 and the following events in the ussr. it shows the transformation of supposedly animal society: from the complete freedom after the cruel former owner, mr. jones was banished to the dictatorship of the boar, napoleon. down and out in paris and london is a memoir in two parts on the theme of poverty in the two cities, which was written deliberately in a non-academic tone. contents: nineteen eighty-four animal farm looking back on the spanish war down and out in paris and london $9.99$2.49 the complete fiction of h.p. lovecraft (60+ titles). the necronomicon. collection of short stories and novels: the call of cthulhu, at the mountains of madness, the shadow out of time, the dunwich horror, the colour out of space etc h.p. lovecraft the complete fiction of hp lovecraft (the necronomicon) contents: the call of cthulhu at the mountains of madness the case of charles dexter ward the dream-quest of unknown kadath the whisperer in darkness the shadow out of time the shadow over innsmouth the dunwich horror through the gates of the silver key the nameless city pickman's model the dreams in the witch house herbert west?reanimator the colour out of space under the pyramids the lurking fear the picture in the house the cats of ulthar the music of erich zann the outsider the temple the festival the silver key the other gods the rats in the walls the haunter of the dark the transition of juan romero the statement of randolph carter the book the evil clergyman nyarlathotep the quest of iranon dagon the tomb the doom that came to sarnath from beyond the horror at red hook the strange high house in the mist cool air in the vault the hound the shunned house the thing on the doorstep the unnamable a reminiscence of dr. samuel johnson memory the moon-bog polaris the white ship azathoth hypnos the descendant ex oblivione what the moon brings the very old folk the terrible old man the street the tree celepha?s beyond the wall of sleep facts concerning the late arthur jermyn and his family ibid sweet ermengarde, or, the heart of a country girl he old bugs $4.36 1984 george orwell 1984 is george orwell's haunting prophesy of the future, which has held multiple generations of readers spellbound in its chilling and terrifying vision of life under a totalitarian regime. powerful and unforgettable, this still-relevant novel explores the obliteration of truth, individuality and liberty in a world where the ruling power seeks to control everything, from information to thought and memory. nominated as one of america?s best-loved novels by pbs?s the great american read. $2.49 the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy douglas adams new york times bestseller ? ?extremely funny . . . inspired lunacy . . . [and] over much too soon.??the washington post book world soon to be a hulu series ? now celebrating the pivotal 42nd anniversary of the hitchhiker?s guide to the galaxy! nominated as one of america?s best-loved novels by pbs?s the great american read it?s an ordinary thursday morning for arthur dent . . . until his house gets demolished. the earth follows shortly after to make way for a new hyperspace express route, and arthur?s best friend has just announced that he?s an alien. after that, things get much, much worse. with just a towel, a small yellow fish, and a book, arthur has to navigate through a very hostile universe in the company of a gang of unreliable aliens. luckily the fish is quite good at languages. and the book is the hitchhiker?s guide to the galaxy . . . which helpfully has the words don?t panic inscribed in large, friendly letters on its cover. douglas adams?s mega-selling pop-culture classic sends logic into orbit, plays havoc with both time and physics, offers up pithy commentary on such things as ballpoint pens, potted plants, and digital watches . . . and, most important, reveals the ultimate answer to life, the universe, and everything. now, if you could only figure out the question. . . . $20.00$14.95 listen to a free preview see more sylvanas (world of warcraft) christie golden the epic, definitive story of sylvanas windrunner, one of world of warcraft?s most enduring and iconic characters, as chronicled by bestselling author christie golden. ranger-general. banshee queen. warchief. sylvanas windrunner has borne many titles. to some, she is a hero?to others, a villain. but whether in pursuit of justice, vengeance, or something more, sylvanas has always sought to control her own destiny. the power to achieve her goals has never been closer, as sylvanas works alongside the jailer to liberate all azeroth from the prison of fate. her final task? secure the fealty of their prisoner?king anduin wrynn. to succeed, sylvanas will be forced to reflect on the harrowing path that brought her to the jailer?s side and to reveal her truest self to her greatest rival. here, sylvanas?s complete story is laid bare: the breaking of the windrunner family and her rise to ranger- general; her own death at the hands of arthas and her renewed purpose in founding the forsaken; the moment she first beheld the maw and understood the true consequences of what lay beyond the veil of death. but as her moment of victory draws near, sylvanas windrunner will make a choice that may ultimately come to define her. a choice that?s hers to make. $34.00$29.95 the recovery agent: a novel janet evanovich #1 new york times bestselling author janet evanovich returns with the launch of a blockbuster new series that blends wild adventure, hugely appealing characters, and pitch-perfect humor, proving once again why she?s ?the most popular mystery writer alive? (the new york times). lost something? gabriela rose knows how to get it back. as a recovery agent, she?s hired by individuals and companies seeking lost treasures, stolen heirlooms, or missing assets of any kind. she?s reliable, cool under pressure, and well trained in weapons of all types. but gabriela?s latest job isn?t for some bamboozled billionaire, it?s for her own family, whose home is going to be wiped off the map if they can?t come up with a lot of money fast. inspired by an old family legend, gabriela sets off for the jungles of peru in pursuit of the ring of solomon and the lost treasure of lima. but this particular job comes with a huge problem attached to it?gabriela?s ex-husband, rafer. it?s rafer who has the map that possibly points the way to the treasure, and he?s not about to let gabriela find it without him. rafer is as relaxed as gabriela is driven, and he has a lifetime?s experience getting under his ex-wife?s skin. but when they aren?t bickering about old times the two make a formidable team, and it?s going to take a team to defeat the vicious drug lord who has also been searching for the fabled ring. a drug lord who doesn?t mind leaving a large body count behind him to get it. the recovery agent marks the start of an irresistible new series that will have you clamoring for more and cheering for the unstoppable gabriela rose on every page. $22.99$14.95 steal james patterson art galleries and casinos, mansions and brothels, billionaires and thieves?only james patterson could create a triple-cross this decadent and suspenseful. imagine everyone?s surprise when carter von oehson, a sophomore in dr. dylan reinhart?s abnormal psychology class, posts on instagram that he plans to kill himself. 24 hours later and still no one has seen him. release the hounds. a massive search ensues. but when carter?s sailboat rolls in with the tide without him or anyone else on it, the worst seems to be confirmed. he really did it . . . or did he? the one person convinced he?s still alive is his father, mathias von oehson, founder and ceo of the world?s largest hedge fund. but what mathias knows and how he knows it would ultimately reveal a secret so damaging that it would be as if he were committing suicide himself. there?s no way he can go to the police. but there?s still someone he can turn to. dylan now finds himself wrapped up in multi-million-dollar secrets and danger and it?s going to take every bit of his wit, and the brilliant and headstrong nypd detective, elizabeth needham, to stay ahead of both his enemy . . . and his employer. $33.98$25.95 ten steps to nanette: a memoir situation hannah gadsby multi-award-winning hannah gadsby broke comedy with her show nanette when she declared that she was quitting stand-up. now she takes us through the defining moments in her life that led to the creation of nanette and her powerful decision to tell the truth?no matter the cost. ?hannah is a promethean force, a revolutionary talent. this hilarious, touching, and sometimes tragic book is all about where her fires were lit.??emma thompson one of the most anticipated books of 2022?entertainment weekly, popsugar ?there is nothing stronger than a broken woman who has rebuilt herself,? hannah gadsby declared in her show nanette, a scorching critique of the way society conducts public debates about marginalized communities. when it premiered on netflix, it left audiences captivated by her blistering honesty and her singular ability to take them from rolling laughter to devastated silence. ten steps to nanette continues gadsby?s tradition of confounding expectations and norms, properly introducing us to one of the most explosive, formative voices of our time. gadsby grew up as the youngest of five children in an isolated town in tasmania, where homosexuality was illegal until 1997. she perceived her childhood as safe and ?normal,? but as she gained an awareness of her burgeoning queerness, the outside world began to undermine the ?vulnerably thin veneer? of her existence. after moving to mainland australia and receiving a degree in art history, gadsby found herself adrift, working itinerant jobs and enduring years of isolation punctuated by homophobic and sexual violence. at age twenty-seven, without a home or the ability to imagine her own future, she was urged by a friend to enter a stand-up competition. she won, and so began her career in comedy. gadsby became well known for her self-deprecating, autobiographical humor that made her the butt of her own jokes. but in 2015, as australia debated the legality of same-sex marriage, gadsby started to question this mode of storytelling, beginning work on a show that would become ?the most-talked-about, written-about, shared-about comedy act in years? (the new york times). harrowing and hilarious, ten steps to nanette traces gadsby?s growth as a queer person, to her ever-evolving relationship with comedy, and her struggle with late-in-life diagnoses of autism and adhd, finally arriving at the backbone of nanette: the renouncement of self-deprecation, the rejection of misogyny, and the moral significance of truth-telling. $29.50$25.95 leviathan falls james s.a. corey this is how it ends. leviathan falls is the explosive final novel in the new york times bestselling and hugo award?winning expanse series, now a major tv series. the laconian empire has fallen, setting the thirteen hundred solar systems free from the rule of winston duarte. but the ancient enemy that killed the gate builders is awake, and the war against our universe has begun again. in the dead system of adro, elvi okoye leads a desperate scientific mission to understand what the gate builders were and what destroyed them, even if it means compromising herself and the half-alien children who bear the weight of her investigation. through the wide-flung systems of humanity, colonel aliana tanaka hunts for duarte?s missing daughter ... and the shattered emperor himself. and on the rocinante, james holden and his crew struggle to build a future for humanity out of the shards and ruins of all that has come before. as nearly unimaginable forces prepare to annihilate all human life, holden and a group of unlikely allies discover a last, desperate chance to unite all of humanity, with the promise of a vast galactic civilization free from wars, factions, lies, and secrets if they win. but the price of victory may be worse than the cost of defeat. $37.48$27.95 the club: a novel ellery lloyd a reese's book club pick instant new york times bestseller ?are you ready for the roller coaster ride that is the club? . . . a beautifully written, densely plotted murder mystery that takes place at a private club off the coast of england. read about a luxurious, celeb-only island during a weekend of partying and ultimately murder.? ?reese witherspoon (reese?s book club march ?22 pick) from the author of people like her comes a smart and sinister murder mystery set in the secretive world of exclusive celebrity clubs. everyone's dying to join . . . the home group is a glamorous collection of celebrity members' clubs dotted across the globe, where the rich and famous can party hard and then crash out in its five-star suites, far from the prying eyes of fans and the media. the most spectacular of all is island home?a closely-guarded, ultraluxurious resort, just off the english coast?and its three-day launch party is easily the most coveted a-list invite of the decade. but behind the scenes, tensions are at breaking point: the ambitious and expensive project has pushed the home group's ceo and his long-suffering team to their absolute limits. all of them have something to hide?and that's before the beautiful people with their own ugly secrets even set foot on the island. as tempers fray and behavior worsens, as things get more sinister by the hour and the body count piles up, some of island home?s members will begin to wish they?d never made the guest list. because at this club, if your name?s on the list, you?re not getting out. $34.99$26.95 a court of thorns and roses (1 of 2) [dramatized adaptation]: a court of thorns and roses 1 sarah j. maas "the sexy, action-packed first dramatized audiobook adaptation in the #1 new york times bestselling court of thorns and roses series from sarah j. maas. adapted from the novel and produced with a full cast of actors, immersive sound effects and cinematic music! when nineteen-year-old huntress feyre kills a wolf in the woods, a terrifying creature arrives to demand retribution. dragged to a treacherous magical land she knows about only from legends, feyre discovers that her captor is not truly a beast, but one of the lethal, immortal faeries who once ruled her world. at least, he's not a beast all the time. as she adapts to her new home, her feelings for the faerie, tamlin, transform from icy hostility into a fiery passion that burns through every lie she's been told about the beautiful, dangerous world of the fae. but something is not right in the faerie lands. an ancient, wicked shadow is growing, and feyre must find a way to stop it, or doom tamlin-and his world-forever. from bestselling author sarah j. maas comes a seductive, breathtaking series that blends romance, adventure, and faerie lore into an unforgettable listen. performed by melody muze, henry w. kramer, gabriel michael, natalie van sistine, debi tinsley, bradley foster smith, alejandro ruiz, christopher graybill, julie hoverson, karenna foley, eric messner, anthony palmini, steve wannall, rose elizabeth supan, mort shelby, laura c. harris, michael john casey, scott mccormick, richard rohan, karen novack, nora achrati, and nanette savard." $25.32$16.95 high stakes danielle steel in this captivating novel from #1 new york times bestselling author danielle steel, five successful women play for high stakes in their careers at a boutique literary and talent agency. jane addison is an ambitious young woman with big dreams of owning her own company someday. at twenty-eight, she arrives in new york to start a job at fletcher and benson, a prestigious talent agency. eager to impress her new colleagues, jane jumps right in as an assistant to hailey west, one of the agents in the literary department. hailey is dedicated to the authors she represents, but her home life is chaotic and challenging. after her husband?s tragic and untimely death, she was left widowed with three children to raise on her own. then there?s francine rivers, the stern and accomplished head of the literary department. also a single mom after her husband?s affair with the nanny, she has overcome the resulting financial hardships, but only with unbearable sacrifice. compared to hailey and francine, drama agent allie moore?s life seems much more carefree and uncomplicated. she relishes her success and loves working with the talented actors they represent?until a passionate relationship with one of her rising star clients threatens to derail her career. merriwether jones is the cfo for the agency. she appears to have it all--beauty, success, and a perfect marriage until her husband's jealousy over her career threatens to blow everything up. even though she?s a newcomer, jane quickly realizes that there are damaging secrets hidden behind the doors of fletcher and benson. as one of the youngest employees, she has the least power, but is also the least willing to accept things as they have been for years. when she puts everything on the line to right these wrongs, the consequences will leave no one unscathed. in this riveting novel, danielle steel tells the story of a group of remarkable women navigating the challenges of balancing their families, their personal lives and the high stakes of ambition at the top of their game. $24.98$14.95 here & hereafter: how wisdom from the departed can transform your life now tyler henry this program is read by the author and includes an exclusive bonus mindfulness exercise. from tyler henry, celebrated medium, comes the ultimate self-help guide detailing the insights the departed have communicated about how to live our best, most meaningful lives. do you want to live more meaningfully, and in turn fulfill your life?s potential? do you want to have the capability to transform your life and make it infinitely better, by paying attention to what those who have lived and died have come to understand about the meaning of life itself? as one of the world?s most accomplished mediums, tyler henry has had thousands of communications with those who?ve already gone through humanity?s final frontier: physical death. the life lessons he?s learned from those conversations have been truly transformative. in here & hereafter tyler explains that by listening and learning from the departed, following their guidance, and paying attention to what they might have done differently, we can get more fulfillment and purpose from our own lives. here & hereafter will shed light on the most powerful understandings tyler has gained from modern day mediumship?and explain how those understandings can lead us to live a more meaningful life. a macmillan audio production from st. martin's essentials $26.99$14.95 a safe house stuart woods in this latest adrenaline-charged thriller from #1 new york times bestselling author stuart woods, stone barrington takes on a vengeful rival. stone barrington is looking forward to some quiet time in new york city, until he is asked to transport precious, top-secret cargo across the atlantic. taking on the challenge, stone flies off unaware of what?or who?he is bringing with him. but his plans to lie low are quickly spoiled when a dangerous dispatcher tracks down stone and his tantalizing mystery guest, intent on payback?and silencing anyone who poses a threat. from the english countryside to the balmy beaches of key west, stone is on an international mission to hide and protect those closest to him. $27.00$19.95 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
