https://www.uwindsor.ca/research-partnerships/319/automobility-academic-partnership-initiative-api
automobility academic partnership initiative (api) | research partnerships skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students research partnerships research partnerships in this section about us partnership funding for researchers industry engagement community engagement contact us get in touch automobility academic partnership initiative (api) why automobility ? cacye partners and affiliates we want to hear from you ? input and feedback form about us partnership funding for researchers industry engagement community engagement contact us get in touch automobility academic partnership initiative (api) why automobility ? cacye partners and affiliates we want to hear from you ? input and feedback form follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram uwindsor home research partnerships automobility academic partnership initiative (api) automobility academic partnership initiative (api) the academic partnership initiative is a collaboration effort between the university of windsor & st. clair college to merge our strengths and skills in research, development, training, and industry application to build a venue for automobility innovation and give public and private partners the expertise they need to diversify and strengthen windsor-essex?s economy. how we move people and goods around our cities and through our borders is changing. new technologies, new business innovations and access to data will remold our cities and allow us to focus on solving the biggest of mobility challenges. windsor-essex has an opportunity to leverage our unique assets to be leaders in this shift. our assets include, but are not limited to: automation cluster our logistics and supply chain networks support major vehicle oems and help build some of the worlds best selling vehicles. our skilled professional manufacturing talent geographic location regional partnerships (cross border, weedc city, health) automotive cybersecurity cluster by leveraging these assets and leveraging a strong ecosystem of innovation in windsor-essex we will support businesses in this new automobility space to research, develop and scale cacye (connected, autonomous, cybersecure & electric) products and services in our region. this endeavor will help diversify the windsor-essex economy from: the automotive capital of canada to the automobility capital of canada the we motion automobility api will: open opportunities for cross-discipline and multi-functional collaboration. work with regional and bi-national partners to align automobility objectives. find opportunities for creative funding opportunities for new technology development and commercialization. create a framework for automobility research and development. align research and development with industry trends hold regular knowledge transfer and engagement sessions with community stakeholders. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram twitter tweets by uwinresearch share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
