https://www.uwindsor.ca/education/bed-technological-studies/
b.ed. / diploma in technological studies | faculty of education skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of education faculty of education in this section pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries b.ed. / diploma in technological studies program overview admission requirements apply to the program course calendars and schedules field experience handbook pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries b.ed. / diploma in technological studies program overview admission requirements apply to the program course calendars and schedules field experience handbook uwindsor home faculty of education b.ed. / diploma in technological studies b.ed. / diploma in technological studies the faculty of education, in partnership with the windsor-essex catholic school board and the greater essex county district school board, is offering technological studies to those qualified to teach this subject in ontario high schools. this unique program is offered in blended delivery over the course of fourteen months, with practical face-to-face courses being held on campus during july of summer i and august of summer ii. online courses are scheduled in august of summer i and july of summer ii, as well as september through april. a minimum of 80 practice teaching days will occur september ? may between summer i and ii. courses are designed to be meaningful to candidates regardless of their broad-based discipline. assignments, however, are discipline-specific. this program provides the preparation required for certification by the ontario college of teachers for teaching technological studies in ontario high schools. candidates with a bachelor?s degree receive a b.ed. degree in technological studies and candidates with no degree receive a diploma in education - technological studies. graduates of the diploma in education ? technological studies who later obtain an acceptable degree can apply to registrar?s to have the diploma converted to a b.ed. in addition, successful completion of summer i and a practicum of a minimum of ten days will qualify candidates to apply to the ontario college of teachers (oct) for a transitional certificate of qualification and registration. upon successful completion of the entire program, candidates are qualified to apply to the oct for a certificate of qualification and registration. broad-based technological areas examples of related trades and professions: communications technology computer electronics electronics/repair graphic artist/designer photography radio and tv arts computer technology hardware and software development computer interfacing programming network setup construction technology refrigeration/air conditioning carpentry construction electrical/electronics woodworking green industries agriculture floristry forestry and forest management horticulture and landscaping farming greenhouse operation hairstyling and aesthetics aesthetician hairstylist health care registered nursing dental assistance health care professionals (preventative and healing services) hospitality and tourism chef / hospitality industry manufacturing technology general machinist tool and die maker welding/fabrication technological design architectural/mechanical drafting architectural/mechanical engineer engineering design technologist transportation technology automotive body service technician automotive vehicle service technician share tweet save important links associate teacher resources career news for teacher candidates ontario ministry of education curriculum teaching resources why uwindsor? service learning for b.ed. students beginning time teachings leadership experience for academic direction mile urban education reciprocal learning program vulnerability, marginalization, and education alumni assumption teacher honoured by university of chicago award to recognize grad for 35 years as an educator uwindsor grad awarded prime minister?s award for teaching excellence experiencing the overseas classroom teaching abroad teaching under the northern lights education outside the classroom teach for canada - one student's experience share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
