https://anchor.fm/windsor-lancers
behind the shield ? a podcast on anchor skip to main content by spotify featuresswitch to anchorads by anchorblog sign in get started by spotify behind the shield by windsor lancers a look inside the university of windsor lancers. sponsored by the university of windsor lancers alumni association. listen on message where to listen apple podcasts google podcasts overcast pocket casts radiopublic spotify recconnect - exam and holiday campus events it is a busy time of year on campus! with exams and the holiday break near, there are tons of activities and events happening to keep you busy and stress free. sandra from the student centre joins us to discuss all of the awesome opportunities! 23:27 december 06, 2021 recconnect - belonging, inclusivity, diversity, equity (bide) the belonging, inclusivity, diversity, and equity institute is the would-be student led institution through the office of student experience that serves to provide a platform for underrepresented and marginalized groups on the university of windsor campus. tune in as we speak with members of the institute that aims to foster safe spaces and make all students at the university of windsor feel welcome and included. 28:53 november 01, 2021 behind the shield - men's hockey rookies sit-down with former ohl players and new lancer rookies as they chat about their time in quarantine. 55:49 october 19, 2021 recconect - mental health matters grad student and myssp coordinator, claire richter gorey, and former lancer football and cfl player, frank renaud, join us to talk about mental health. with suicide prevention awareness day just occuring in september and the stress of returning to school while still in a pandemic, mental health strategies and resoures are so important for the students on our campus. 25:50 october 04, 2021 recconnect - fall campus events a new semester is upon us and there are many exciting in person and virtual events planned for students this fall. carly markham from the uwsa and vanessa bumanlag from the student success centre join us to discuss all of the great opportunities to get involved. 25:49 september 06, 2021 behind the shield - voices of the lancers join us this week as host andrew papadopoulos and new co-host frank fountain sit down with lancer webcast hosts aaron sanders, justin prince, and sport information assistant mia ines to discuss their career paths, role models, and some of their favourite moments with the lancers. 55:17 august 23, 2021 recconnect - uwindsor pride week joyceln lorito and anne rudzinksi from the uwindsor pride committee join us to discuss the upcoming uwindsor pride week celebration and many other pride initiatives and information on campus! 26:50 august 09, 2021 coaches close up - daniel mendonca on this episode of coaches close up with sit down to have a chat with our women's soccer head coach daniel mendonca! 22:45 july 26, 2021 rec-connect: esports at the university of windsor the new and fast-paced world of esports has arrived on campus and there are many opportunities for students to get involved. this month we discuss both the recreational and competitive opportunities students have to get involved in esports on campus. 26:03 july 08, 2021 behind the shield - lancer sport & recreation centre join us today as host andrew papadopoulos & guest-host elisa mitton sit down with mike coombs (project manager) & craig goodman (managing principal) to discuss the ongoing construction of the new lancer sport & recreation centre 20:60 june 28, 2021 rec-connect: celebrating indigenous history month in partnership with the university of windsor aboriginal education centre, bertam schuyler joins us this episode to discuss indigenous history, traditions, and sport & recreation for indigenous history month. 28:56 june 09, 2021 coaches close up - chris cheng on today's episode of coaches close up, sponsored by the university of windsor alumni association, we speak with chris cheng, head coach of the windsor lancers men's basketball team. coach cheng discusses his leadership style and how it influences his approach to coaching. chris further enlightens us regarding strategies that he implemented within his team that helped build their culture to it's current state, as well as his goals for them moving forward. 24:07 may 26, 2021 recconnect - outdoor recreation the warm weather is finally here and with indoor gyms and fitness centres currently being closed, outdoor activity and recreation is more important than ever. with summer right around the corner, there are many things people can do to stay active and have fun outside over the next few months. 26:58 may 03, 2021 coaches close up - kevin hamlin on this episode coach hamlin dives into the importance of the student-athlete experience and what his team has done to contribute to that. he also covers the importance of the men's hockey team engaging with the community, and the three programs they have developed and are committed to promoting within the community; lancers against bullying, lancers shut out domestic violence, and skate against hate. 19:31 april 26, 2021 recconnect - student jobs in athletics & recreation current athletics and recreation student employees reflect on their experience working various jobs in the department and explain the opportunities available too students. ars hires the most student employees on campus! 34:40 april 05, 2021 coaches close up - ryan mendonca on today?s podcast episode ryan mendonca breaks down his formula for success that he uses to get the lancers men?s soccer team ?all in? on their championship vision. ryan discusses the importance of creating a safe & supportive atmosphere on his team that encourages players to be vulnerable, open & honest with one another in order to connect with each other as individuals, which leads them to developing a strong family bond. tune in to hear his unique insightful advice & thoughts surrounding coaching lancer soccer & team dynamics! 28:20 march 29, 2021 behind the shield - women in sport join us on this episode to celebrate women?s history month by discussing important topics related to women in sports. special guests jessica gribbon (whky), natalie paladino (athletic therapy) & mya vialva (t&f/xc) join our hosts to discuss their journeys in sport, the role of the media in the gender disparity gap, & thoughts of the recent events surrounding the disparities between the ncaa march madness women?s & men?s tournaments. 53:56 march 22, 2021 coaches close up - deanna iwanicka in honour of international women?s day, we highlight one of our incredible female coaches deanna iwanicka. deanna is the head coach of our lancers women?s hockey team who has accrued an impressive list of both coaching and personal athletic accomplishments. we sit down to discuss her previous experiences as an athlete and coach, as well as her approach to coaching and her perspective and advice regarding various topics on the basis of women empowerment in sport! 34:09 march 08, 2021 recconnect - lancer leadership with this year's lancer leadership conference taking place on march 8, simon du toit (coordinator of outstanding scholars) and jamie segeren (residence assistant) join us to discuss what leadership is and the opportunity lancers have to get involved on campus. 35:38 march 01, 2021 behind the shield - black history month on this episode of behind the shield, our special guest host associate dean of human kinetics dr. kevin milne, is joined by 3 of our student-athletes; telloy simon (men's basketball), tristan carter (football) & nemo teny (women's basketball). the group discusses personal situations & experiences surrounding racism, anti-racism, their advice on what can be done to improve the lives of black students and student-athletes at universities & what black history month means to them. 01:07:13 february 22, 2021 coaches close up - paul ekeocha on this episode of coaches close up, we speak with paul ekeocha, the assistant coach for the lancers men?s basketball team. with a scholastic, professional and coaching resume like paul?s, he has a lot of valuable & insightful advice and experiences to share. we discuss his experiences as an athlete himself, how he approaches coaching and his views & tips for youth development. 33:31 february 08, 2021 recconnect - anti-racism in recreation on this episode we discuss anti-racism during black history month. former uwsa president jeremiah bowers and lancer rec employee/lancer athlete zion webb join us to discuss what the fitness industry can do to move towards anti-racism and things we can implement within our own building. 31:27 february 01, 2021 behind the shield - going the distance join us today on behind the shield, sponsored by the university of windsor alumni association, where we talk training, the beer mile & play ?would you rather track edition? with track alumni corey bellemore! most importantly, in light of bell let?s talk day coming up on january 28th, corey discusses the importance of mental health & wellness and speaks on his experiences with an eating disorder. 35:43 january 25, 2021 coaches close up - lucas hodgson today on coaches close up, sponsored by the university of windsor alumni association, we sit down with lucas hodgson, the head coach of the women's volleyball team to discuss how to coach your athletes to be successful on the court, in the classroom & in the community! 34:52 january 18, 2021 recconnect - health and wellness in 2021 it?s a new year and a new opportunity to achieve our health and wellness goals. kinesiology department head dr. sarah woodruff joins us to discuss ways we can achieve our new year wellness goal. 36:50 january 11, 2021 coaches close up - chantal vall?e dive into an impactful conversation with women's basketball head coach chantal vall?e and cailey theos, regarding important topics surrounding women in sport and leadership, the gender disparity gap, and the role the media plays in advancing women's sport. 38:37 december 14, 2020 recconnect - episode 3 exam and holiday season can be a stressful time. clinical therapist dayna rodrigues from student health, counselling & wellness services joins us to discuss mental health, stress management, and how to find help on campus. 30:52 december 07, 2020 behind the shield - a family affair lancer basketball father-son duo james (j.k) kennedy & thomas kennedy suit up to join us on this episode of behind the shield! together, we compare their basketball careers, the important role of basketball in their family & what's next in thomas' career! 29:57 november 30, 2020 coaches close up - jean-paul circelli join us today on alumni field as we get up close and personal with windsor lancers head football coach jean-paul circelli! please note: due to social distancing and the wind conditions on the recording date, some of the interview questions may be difficult to hear. 10:11 november 16, 2020 recconnect - episode 2 experienced personal trainers from the forge fitness centre answer frequently asked fitness questions and provide information to assist students in reaching all of their exercise goals 31:35 november 02, 2020 behind the shield - nothing on us today, we go behind the shield with country superstar and lancer track and field alumni kelsi mayne! from the lancer track to the main stage at boots & hearts, hometown hockey & big valley jamboree, kelsi mayne continues to pave her way to the top of the country music charts. we discuss her debut album, her memories as a windsor lancer cis bronze medal champion & balancing a nursing career while being an independent artist. 24:36 november 02, 2020 behind the shield - the island of misfits this week on behind the shield, we step off the court to speak with three windsor lancer men's volleyball veterans; pierce johnson, nolan langley & marc pineault. in this episode we discuss training during covid-19, building relationships with teammates & some of their favourite memories as varsity athletes. 30:05 october 19, 2020 recconnect - we're back in this episode we go over the health and safety protocols for the reopening of the st. denis centre 23:27 october 05, 2020 behind the shield - the year of osi join us as this week as we go behind the shield with windsor lancer alumni and track & field power couple melissa bishop-nriagu and osi nriagu to kick- off our 2020 alumni weekend. on today's episode, we discuss this weekend's windsor lancer shof induction, the 2021 tokyo olympics and what it means to be a windsor lancer alumni. 28:20 october 02, 2020 2022 ? spotify ab careerslegalhelp facebook logo twitter logo instagram logo app store google play
