http://www.bethere.org/
be there - mental health support
 skip to content fr open search search term submit search close the golden rules say what you see show you care hear them out know your role connect to help be there for yourself calls to action additional resources questions from the community submit a question partnerships about us media room contact donate be there the golden rules get certified would you know how to be there? watch intro video watch intro video just talking about mental health isn?t enough. we need the knowledge, skills and confidence to step up and be there for one another. just talking about mental health isn?t enough. we need the knowledge, skills and confidence to step up and be there for one another. learn how to support others earn your be there certificate a brand new, free, online course to learn how to recognize when someone is struggling, safely support them, and maintain your own mental health. created by jack.org in partnership with born this way foundation. get certified 2 hrs earn badges browse the 5 golden rules be there?s 5 golden rules - a simple but actionable framework to support someone struggling with their mental health. learn to recognize warning signs and how to safely support them to get the help they deserve. learn more real stories practical tips what are the golden rules? presenting be there?s 5 golden rules - a simple but actionable framework on how to support someone struggling with their mental health. every situation is different, but you can think of the 5 golden rules as a general guide to being there for someone, no matter the circumstances. 1 say what you see learn how to break the ice and start the conversation. 2 show you care learn how to build trust and support someone. 3 hear them out learn how to be a good listener and balance the conversation. 4 know your role learn how to set boundaries to protect your relationship and your mental health. 5 connect to help learn how to help someone access professional and community resources. learn more it showed me that i need to broaden my support system. watch estyr and kirbie?s story about setting healthy boundaries and other similar stories to see be there?s 5 golden rules at work. estyr & kirbie?s story it showed me that i need to broaden my support system. | estyr & kirbie?s story ?i just felt like everyone was asking for more and more and i was like, ?there's nothing left to give.?? estyr and kirby met in university and while living together was ?super fun,? it was also challenging. kirby was going through some tough stuff, as we all do, and began to rely heavily on his friendship with estyr for support. in the absence of physical boundaries, setting emotional boundaries in their friendship was especially hard. anytime kirby was a little lonely, needed comfort, or just wanted to chat, he would call estyr, flooding her phone with texts and missed calls. it was too much, he was stretching estyr too thin. it took a lot of hard conversations and some creative problem solving, but as kirby explains, ?this boundary was because she loved me, and it was so that our relationship could stay healthy.? resources learn more about mental health and access resources to complement your be there knowledge. view resources be there certificate a free, online course to learn how to support someone struggling with their mental health. available in french, english and spanish. get certified what is jack.org? jack.org is the only canadian charity training and empowering a national network of young leaders to revolutionize mental health. visit jack.org our supporters & partners get started a resource by about us media room contact donate copy link privacy ? 2022 jack.org. all rights reserved. created by a.k.a. new media inc. in an emergency: this is not a site for personal disclosure of mental health distress, suicidal thoughts or behaviours. if you are in crisis, please call a helpline, 9-1-1 or emergency services or go to your nearest emergency department for assistance. if someone?s thoughts or behaviours threaten the safety of themselves or others, then this is what?s called a mental health crisis. call a helpline, 9-1-1 or emergency services. if someone has recently hurt themselves, but is no longer in danger, follow be there?s golden rules and connect them to resources in their area. share be there copy link be there
