https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/bb-student-by-blackboard/id950424861?mt=8
?blackboard on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com/ca cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview blackboard 4+ blackboard inc. #73 in education 4.5 ? 27.9k ratings free screenshots iphone ipad description welcome to blackboard's mobile solution that helps students stay informed, up-to-date and connected. this app includes blackboard collaborate with the ultra experience - a synchronous web conferencing solution for high-quality virtual classes and meetings. with the blackboard app, you can: ? quickly view updates to your courses and content ? take assignments and tests ? view grades for courses, assignments and tests ? participate in collaborate sessions on the go we love feedback! if you have any questions or comments use the in-app feedback to help improve the application. note: this application functions as a collaborative tool between our app software and your institution's blackboard learn server. blackboard cannot guarantee that the content created by instructors or other users will be compatible with this app. access must be enabled by your institution. features and functionality may at times be limited if your institution has not updated the appropriate software or experiences server outages. downloading or using this app indicates consent to the terms and privacy information at http://www.blackboard.com/footer/terms-of-use.aspx. what?s new mar 17, 2022 version 7.1.1 in this release, we?ve fixed an issue where content was not downloaded for offline view. ratings and reviews 4.5 out of 5 27.9k ratings 27.9k ratings awkwarddddddd , 2017-09-14 needs optimizing for ipads could you please optimize this for use on ipads? the old blackboard app was amazing. wonder why they removed support for it. baharsarra , 2019-03-05 please fix please keep us signed in. i am really frustrated when i have to login every time i launch the app. it did not use to be like this. thanks bad appless , 2020-09-14 fix this app i have to login every time i open an attachment and once you close it back to the login screen, the old app was much better this is pathetic, how does one learn when having to log in every 5/10 minutes app privacy the developer, blackboard inc., indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer's privacy policy. data not linked to you the following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: user content identifiers usage data sensitive info diagnostics privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller blackboard inc. size 149.3 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 12.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 12.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 12.0 or later. languages english, arabic, bulgarian, catalan, czech, danish, dutch, finnish, french, german, hebrew, hits in russian, irish, italian, japanese, korean, malay, maori, norwegian bokm?l, norwegian nynorsk, polish, portuguese, simplified chinese, spanish, swedish, thai, traditional chinese, turkish, vietnamese, welsh age rating 4+ copyright ? blackboard inc. price free app support privacy policy app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer james madison hs education black horse pike reg sch dist education blackboard instructor education adult & community ed of pbc education rcsdlink education blackboard events productivity you might also like cengage mobile education revel by pearson education coursicle education chegg ereader - study ebooks education transact eaccounts education turningpoint? education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. canada (english) fran?ais copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy use of cookies terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
