https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/2022-03-10/black-studies-next-steps-post-black-historyfutures-month-celebration
black studies: next steps post-black history/futures month celebration | office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion in this section about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us uwindsor home office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion black studies: next steps post-black history/futures month celebration black studies: next steps post-black history/futures month celebration by lila iriburiro happy as february concludes, the legacies and celebration of black people does not end. black history is relevant every day of each month all year-round. at the vice-president, equity, diversity, and inclusion office, our theme this black history month (bhm) is ?black history - black futures.? the vision is to bridge the gap and balance between remembering the often-traumatic past while being hopeful for a better, more just future. events and activities throughout the month of february, including afrofest, ?28 books in 28 days,? and the distinguished speaker series, have all created space to facilitate discussions that centre the black experience at the university of windsor, the greater region, and internationally as well. in addition to the anti-racist scholar professor george j. sefa dei and the post traumatic slave syndrome author joy degruy, the campus community also heard from the anti-colonial activist dr. rosalind hampton. black studies professor at university of toronto?s department of social justice education, dr. hampton, comes from an interdisciplinary academic background of the arts and education. as an alumna from concordia, mcgill, and the university of ottawa, dr. hampton has extensive experience at canadian post-secondary institutions. her book black racialization and resistance at an elite university (utp, 2020) challenges historic narratives as she highlights, in a study, the experiences of black people at mcgill whose lived-stories extend throughout 50 years. racialized social relations, gender, and class are all explored in the book. on february 4th, dr. hampton presented an insightful lecture as part of the second event of the anti-racism and anti-oppression pedagogies series. titled ?plotting black studies in canada,? dr. hampton provides both a historical and current overview of the emergence of black studies in academia across the country. the unprecedented global context of the pandemic has confronted the deep racism and settler colonial foundations of predominantly white institutions. dr. hampton emphasised how student group leadership and organisation paved the way for universities to start recognizing the need for a black studies program. edi ? published on mar 10th, 2022 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
