https://apps.apple.com/us/app/blackboard-instructor/id1088457824
?blackboard instructor on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview blackboard instructor 4+ blackboard inc. 3.6 ? 1k ratings free screenshots iphone ipad description blackboard instructor is blackboard's newest mobile solution that helps instructors and those in teaching roles manage courses, mark assignments, communicate with learners and quickly complete administrative tasks. with blackboard instructor, you can: - preview course content and assessments - mark assignments - send course announcements - create discussion boards threads and reply to comments we love feedback! if you have any questions or comments, use the in-app feedback tool to help us improve blackboard instructor. note: blackboard instructor functions as a collaborative tool between our app software and your institution's blackboard learn server. access must be enabled by your institution. features and functionality may be limited at times if your institution hasn?t updated the appropriate software or experiences server outages. downloading or using this app indicates consent to the terms and privacy information at http://www.blackboard.com/footer/terms-of-use.aspx what?s new mar 7, 2022 version 5.1 in this release, we are excited to support point-based and point-range rubrics in the mobile app. also, we?ve made some small improvements and squashed few bugs. ratings and reviews 3.6 out of 5 1k ratings 1k ratings physics ta , 09/09/2020 ok, could be great with minor tweaks i use this app to grade homework on my ipad. it makes it possible for me to have a similar workflow to pencil and paper grading, while avoiding the headaches of keeping track of a stack of papers, which i love. i find the overall experience to be decent, with a few frustrations. first, the app needs better apple pencil support with palm rejection, because i constantly find myself having to erase stray marks. which brings me to number two, switching between the pen and eraser tool takes too long, there should be a designated eraser button, and also support for the apple pencil double tap to switch. finally, it should be possible to change the default pen color and size (the default size is too large), or even save multiple defaults. it should also be noted that the app attempts to ?smooth? pen strokes, but often this does more harm then good, because letter shapes tend to get bungled. a-lo from the block , 05/30/2020 meh... little mobile focus the interface could definitely be easier to use, particularly when trying to look at discussion boards? there?s no clear way to tell whether you have unread posts, the mechanism for going into replies is not intuitive, etc. from the course selection list, the app doesn?t allow you to look at your upcoming courses. while i was trying to design my summer course using the web interface, i was unable to use the app to see what the app experience would be like. that seems fairly ridiculous... to have to wait until my course is officially available to students to know what that course will look like on their mobile devices. there?s no mechanism to use voice or video from your phone to record anything for the class and post it. it?s wildly frustrating to be on the same device as the app record a video or a voice memo to my students, then have to download it to a computer to upload to my blackboard class rather than just use the app that?s on the same device i?m recording with. students should be able to do the same to make it as convenient as possible for them to engage with me and one another. ariel j. transparentpseudonym , 09/23/2021 browser version has a bug, so i have to use this terrible app. there is a bug in the (otherwise okay) blackboard web page such that i can't scroll in the grade center when viewing the web page on the ipad. thus, i can't see the most recent homework assignment. so i am forced to use this awful app. blackboard of course has no actual customer support, so i can't even file a bug report. i just want to be able to use the browser version! the app is almost completely useless. there is no way to batch download homework assignments. apparently blackboard thinks you should do your grading in their app, rather than using one of the (many, much better) dedicated drawing/pdf annotation apps available on the ipad. the grades page will only show you the grades for one assignment at a time. there is no way to see all grades for a single student, let alone a chart like the browser's grade center. it insists on showing grades in the order the assignment was uploaded. this is essentially a random order--i have to hunt and search if what i want is a particular student's grade. please, please, please fix the bug in the browser version so that the grade center works on mobile devices, so i don't have to use this awful, awful app! app privacy the developer, blackboard inc., indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. data not linked to you the following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: user content identifiers usage data sensitive info diagnostics privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller blackboard inc. size 153.1 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 12.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 12.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 12.0 or later. languages english, arabic, bulgarian, catalan, czech, danish, dutch, finnish, french, german, hebrew, irish, italian, japanese, korean, malay, maori, norwegian bokm?l, norwegian nynorsk, polish, portuguese, russian, simplified chinese, spanish, swedish, thai, traditional chinese, turkish, vietnamese, welsh age rating 4+ copyright ? blackboard inc. price free app support privacy policy app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer johnston schools education comal isd education rock hill schools education black horse pike reg sch dist education rcsdlink education blackboard events productivity you might also like cunyfirst myinfo education kaltura mediaspace go education safe lancer education canvas teacher education poll everywhere presenter education alabama a&m university education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
