https://play.google.com/store/books
books on google play sign in hidden fields search books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide genres ebooks arts biographies & memoirs business & investing computers & technology cooking, food & wine fantasy fiction & literature health & fitness health, mind & body history home & garden humor mystery & thrillers poetry politics & current events reference religion & spirituality romance science science fiction sports travel young adult audiobooks arts & entertainment biographies & memoirs business & investing fiction & literature health, mind & body history language instruction mystery & thrillers religion & spirituality romance science & technology science fiction & fantasy self-help sports travel young adult comics general anthologies contemporary women crime & mystery fantasy horror literary manga media tie-in science fiction superheroes children's books ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 action & adventure animals & nature comics early learning education fiction growing up history & biographies mysteries science fiction & fantasy sports home top charts new arrivals new releases see more sylvanas (world of warcraft) book 4 the epic, definitive story of sylvanas windrunner, one of world of warcraft?s most enduring and iconic characters, as chronicled by bestselling author christie golden. ranger-general. banshee queen. warchief. sylvanas windrunner has borne many titles. to some, she is a hero?to others, a villain. but whether in pursuit of justice, vengeance, or something more, sylvanas has always sought to control her own destiny. the power to achieve her goals has never been closer, as sylvanas works alongside the jailer to liberate all azeroth from the prison of fate. her final task? secure the fealty of their prisoner?king anduin wrynn. to succeed, sylvanas will be forced to reflect on the harrowing path that brought her to the jailer?s side and to reveal her truest self to her greatest rival. here, sylvanas?s complete story is laid bare: the breaking of the windrunner family and her rise to ranger- general; her own death at the hands of arthas and her renewed purpose in founding the forsaken; the moment she first beheld the maw and understood the true consequences of what lay beyond the veil of death. but as her moment of victory draws near, sylvanas windrunner will make a choice that may ultimately come to define her. a choice that?s hers to make. $16.99 the diamond eye: a novel kate quinn the new york times bestselling author of the rose code returns with an unforgettable world war ii tale of a quiet bookworm who becomes history?s deadliest female sniper. based on a true story. in 1937 in the snowbound city of kiev (now known as kyiv), wry and bookish history student mila pavlichenko organizes her life around her library job and her young son?but hitler?s invasion of ukraine and russia sends her on a different path. given a rifle and sent to join the fight, mila must forge herself from studious girl to deadly sniper?a lethal hunter of nazis known as lady death. when news of her three hundredth kill makes her a national heroine, mila finds herself torn from the bloody battlefields of the eastern front and sent to america on a goodwill tour. still reeling from war wounds and devastated by loss, mila finds herself isolated and lonely in the glittering world of washington, dc?until an unexpected friendship with first lady eleanor roosevelt and an even more unexpected connection with a silent fellow sniper offer the possibility of happiness. but when an old enemy from mila?s past joins forces with a deadly new foe lurking in the shadows, lady death finds herself battling her own demons and enemy bullets in the deadliest duel of her life. based on a true story, the diamond eye is a haunting novel of heroism born of desperation, of a mother who became a soldier, of a woman who found her place in the world and changed the course of history forever. $14.99 the missing piece: a novel book 19 the beloved new york times bestselling dismas hardy series returns with this ?perfect piece of entertainment from a master storyteller? (steve berry, new york times bestselling author) about a relentlessly twisty murder mystery. no one mourned when san francisco da wes farrell put paul riley in prison eleven years ago for the rape and murder of his girlfriend. and no one is particularly happy to see him again when he?s released after the exoneration initiative uncovered evidence that pinned the crime on someone else. in fact, riley soon turns up murdered, surrounded by the loot from his latest scam. but if riley was really innocent all along, who wanted him dead? to the cops, it?s straightforward: the still-grieving father of riley?s dead girlfriend killed the former prisoner. farrell, now out of politics and practicing law with master attorney dismas hardy, agrees to represent the defendant, doug rush?and is left in the dust when rush suddenly vanishes. at a loss, farrell and hardy ask pi abe glitsky to track down the potentially lethal defendant. the search takes glitsky through an investigative hall of mirrors populated by wounded parents, crooked cops, cheating spouses, and single-minded vigilantes. as glitsky embraces and then discards one enticing theory after another, the truth seems to recede ever farther. so far that he begins to question his own moral compass in this ?superb thriller from a veteran crime writer? (jeffrey deaver, new york times bestselling author) that you?ll savor to the last word. $17.99 ten steps to nanette: a memoir situation hannah gadsby multi-award-winning hannah gadsby broke comedy with her show nanette when she declared that she was quitting stand-up. now she takes us through the defining moments in her life that led to the creation of nanette and her powerful decision to tell the truth?no matter the cost. ?hannah is a promethean force, a revolutionary talent. this hilarious, touching, and sometimes tragic book is all about where her fires were lit.??emma thompson one of the most anticipated books of 2022?entertainment weekly, popsugar ?there is nothing stronger than a broken woman who has rebuilt herself,? hannah gadsby declared in her show nanette, a scorching critique of the way society conducts public debates about marginalized communities. when it premiered on netflix, it left audiences captivated by her blistering honesty and her singular ability to take them from rolling laughter to devastated silence. ten steps to nanette continues gadsby?s tradition of confounding expectations and norms, properly introducing us to one of the most explosive, formative voices of our time. gadsby grew up as the youngest of five children in an isolated town in tasmania, where homosexuality was illegal until 1997. she perceived her childhood as safe and ?normal,? but as she gained an awareness of her burgeoning queerness, the outside world began to undermine the ?vulnerably thin veneer? of her existence. after moving to mainland australia and receiving a degree in art history, gadsby found herself adrift, working itinerant jobs and enduring years of isolation punctuated by homophobic and sexual violence. at age twenty-seven, without a home or the ability to imagine her own future, she was urged by a friend to enter a stand-up competition. she won, and so began her career in comedy. gadsby became well known for her self-deprecating, autobiographical humor that made her the butt of her own jokes. but in 2015, as australia debated the legality of same-sex marriage, gadsby started to question this mode of storytelling, beginning work on a show that would become ?the most-talked-about, written-about, shared-about comedy act in years? (the new york times). harrowing and hilarious, ten steps to nanette traces gadsby?s growth as a queer person, to her ever-evolving relationship with comedy, and her struggle with late-in-life diagnoses of autism and adhd, finally arriving at the backbone of nanette: the renouncement of self-deprecation, the rejection of misogyny, and the moral significance of truth-telling. $16.99 a relative murder book 4 even the closest families have secrets hidden away. bestselling novelist sara medlar is skilled at sharing stories about other people, but she hoped the truth about her own family would never surface. her home in lachlan, florida, is her refuge and she loves having her niece kate and dear friend jack wyatt together under her roof. the medlar three, as they are known around town, have sworn off getting involved in any more murder investigations. when the sheriff unexpectedly leaves on vacation, jack is surprised to find himself appointed as deputy. so when kate stumbles upon a dead body while visiting a friend, the medlar three are back in the sleuthing game. kate also has a charming new real estate client with a mysterious past. he seems to be followed by trouble and that makes sara and jack uneasy. it doesn?t take long to discover that the murder and the new man in town are somehow related?the question is how. when the stranger?s true identity is revealed, sara realizes her carefully crafted story is about to unravel and she fears she?ll lose kate and jack forever. but she desperately hopes that love and honesty will win out over years of lies and deceit. and besides, family is family?even if you sometimes want to kill them. a medlar mystery book 1: a willing murder book 2: a justified murder book 3: a forgotten murder book 4: a relative murder $16.99 the marquess makes his move book 3 diana quincy returns with the newest novel in the clandestine affairs series with a steamy romance about a half-arab marquess seeking revenge on?and falling for?london?s most famous mapmaker. the new footman doesn?t seem to know his place? london?s most renowned mapmaker is a woman...but nobody knows it. if anyone discovers that rose fleming is the power and talent behind the family business, the scandal could ruin them. rose?s secret is tested by the arrival of a handsome new footman who shows far too much interest in his new mistress. rose battles an intense attraction to the enigmatic servant, but maintaining a proper distance isn?t easy when you and temptation live under the same roof. she makes him forget he has a score to settle? few have met the reclusive half-arab marquess of brandon, who is rumored to live with a harem of beauties among his mother?s people near jerusalem. brandon couldn?t care less what society thinks of him, or that his fellow peers are disdainful of his common blood, but he won?t stand for being robbed. that?s why he's disguised himself as a footman in the home of a respected mapmaker who cheated brandon out of his land. but the nobleman's plans for retribution are complicated by his growing attraction for the secretive lady of the house. when brandon uncovers the shocking truth about rose?s role in his stolen birthright, can a love born of deception really conquer all? $11.99 glucose revolution: the life-changing power of balancing your blood sugar jessie inchauspe improve all areas of your health from your weight, sleep, cravings, mood, energy, skin, and even slow down aging, with easy-to-implement, science-based hacks to manage your blood sugar levels while still eating the foods you love. glucose, or blood sugar, is a tiny molecule in our body that has a huge impact on our health. it enters our bloodstream through the starchy or sweet foods we eat. ninety percent of us suffer from too much glucose in our system?and most of us don't know it. the symptoms? cravings, fatigue, infertility, hormonal issues, acne, wrinkles? and over time, the development of conditions like type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, cancer, dementia, and heart disease. drawing on cutting-edge science and her own pioneering research, biochemist jessie inchausp? offers ten simple, surprising hacks to help you balance your glucose levels and reverse your symptoms?without going on a diet or giving up the foods you love. for example: * how eating foods in the right order will make you lose weight effortlessly * what secret ingredient will allow you to eat dessert and still go into fat-burning mode * what small change to your breakfast will unlock energy and cut your cravings both entertaining, informative, and packed with the latest scientific data, this book presents a new way to think about better health. glucose revolution is chock-full of tips that can drastically and immediately improve your life, whatever your dietary preferences. $20.99 forever boy: a mother's memoir of autism and finding joy kate swenson with her popular blog, finding cooper's voice, kate swenson has provided hope and comfort for hundreds of thousands of parents of children with autism. now, kate shares her inspiring story in this powerful memoir about motherhood and unconditional love when kate swenson?s son cooper was diagnosed with severe, nonverbal autism, her world stopped. she had always dreamed of having the perfect family life. she hadn?t signed up for life as a mother raising a child with a disability. at first, kate experienced the grief of broken dreams. then she felt the frustration and exhaustion of having to fight for your child in a world that is stacked against them. but through hard work, resilience and personal growth, she would come to learn that cooper wasn?t the one who needed to change. she was. and it was this transformation that led kate to acceptance?and ultimately joy. in forever boy, kate shares her inspiring journey with honesty and compassion, offering solace and hope to others on this path and illuminating the strength and perseverance of mothers. $19.99 half baked harvest every day: recipes for balanced, flexible, feel-good meals: a cookbook tieghan gerard more than 120 all-new, soul-satisfying recipes with a focus on feeling good from the new york times bestselling author of half baked harvest super simple. one of the most anticipated cookbooks of 2022?time, delish balanced. bold. beautiful. the millions of fans of the half baked harvest blog and bestselling books have fallen in love with tieghan gerard?s recipes for their wholesome decadence, unfussy approach, and smart twists on comforting favorites. written and photographed in the stunning mountains of colorado, inspired by her big, unique family, and focused on what you?ll want to eat day-in-day-out, half baked harvest every day delivers more than 120 all-new recipes that will feed your body and soul. for tieghan, feel-good food isn?t about restrictive eating. it?s about enjoying real food with lots of flavor, and the satisfaction of sharing it with those you love. finding balance is about giving your body and your cravings what they need . . . whether that?s a light, vegetable-packed dish or a big ole plate of something comforting. in this collection, there are plenty of plant-forward favorites, like chipotle cheddar corn chowder and spinach and pesto?stuffed butternut squash. tieghan also shares flavor-packed family go-tos, like pizza pasta with pepperoni bread crumbs, crispy carnitas taquitos, and spicy pretzel chicken fingers with hot honey. and to keep a smile on everyone?s face, you?ll find luscious desserts, like chocolate olive oil cake and a lemon tart with vanilla sugar, made with a focus on wholesome, minimally processed ingredients. whether it?s breakfast, lunch, snack time, dinner, or dessert . . . this book has tried-and-true recipes that will make you feel good about sharing them at your table. $16.99 the shop on royal street karen white nola trenholm is hopeful for a fresh start in the big easy but must deal with ghosts from her past?as well as new ones?in this first book in a spin-off series of karen white's new york times bestselling tradd street novels. after a difficult detour on her road to adulthood, nola trenholm is looking to begin anew in new orleans, and what better way to start her future than with her first house? but the historic fixer-upper she buys comes with even more work than she anticipated when the house?s previous occupants don?t seem to be ready to depart. although she can?t communicate with ghosts like her stepmother can, luckily nola knows someone in new orleans who is able to?even if he?s the last person on earth she wants anything to do with ever again. beau ryan comes with his own dark past?a past that involves the disappearance of his sister and parents during hurricane katrina?and he?s connected to the unsolved murder of a woman who once lived in the old creole cottage nola is determined to make her own...whether the resident restless spirits agree or not. $16.99 deals under $5 see more berserk vol 1 created by kentaro miura, berserk is manga mayhem to the extreme - violent, horrifying, and mercilessly funny - and the wellspring for the internationally popular anime series. not for the squeamish or the easily offended, berserk asks for no quarter - and offers none! his name is guts, the black swordsman, a feared warrior spoken of only in whispers. bearer of a gigantic sword, an iron hand, and the scars of countless battles and tortures, his flesh is also indelibly marked with the brand, an unholy symbol that draws the forces of darkness to him and dooms him as their sacrifice. but guts won't take his fate lying down; he'll cut a crimson swath of carnage through the ranks of the damned - and anyone else foolish enough to oppose him! accompanied by puck the elf, more an annoyance than a companion, guts relentlessly follows a dark, bloodstained path that leads only to death...or vengeance. $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 3 guts, the feared black swordsman, finishes his desperate battle with the monstrous count, cutting and blasting him to gory scraps when the presence of the count's daughter makes the monster hesitate. but guts won't even have the time to clean his gigantic sword when the count's dying pleas activate the behelit, summoning the five god hands, demon lords of immeasurable power. guts' journey so far has been a long road of pain and death, but that's a walk in the park compared to fighting his way out of hell itself! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 4 now that the evil count has been killed and dragged to hell by the demon lords of the godhand, guts, the black swordsman, hooks up with his former benefactor, the mercenary gambino. but it?s a deadly reunion, one that nearly takes guts? life. the following years see guts wandering from battlefield to battlefield, where his awesome skills as a slayer catch the eye of both warring parties, including the legendary griffith, warrior leader of the band of the hawk, who is eager to test his combat skills against those of the black swordsman. as usual, anytime that guts is involved there will be hell to pay! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 2 the evil count uses his dark powers to transform a defeated guard captain into an inhuman horror to combat guts, the black swordsman. puck, guts? pint-sized fairy sidekick, is captured when he attempts to stop an old doctor?s execution, and he is given as a gift to the count?s daughter, a sweet girl in a gilded cage, imprisoned by her father in her own room. guts, determined to make mincemeat of the count, assaults the castle and carves a swath of blood-soaked destruction through the count?s minions. face-to-face with the black swordsman at last, the count reveals his true form, and even guts? super-sized sword may not be big enough to contend with this demonic monstrosity! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 6 back in the day, guts the black swordsman was a top slayer for the band of the hawk, an elite mercenary unit led by griffith, whose calm demeanor and callow beauty belied his fighting prowess and steel will. while in a king?s employ, the attraction between the king?s daughter and griffith and the growing favor of the king towards the hawk leader raises the hackles of the king?s jealous son, who plots to have griffith summarily assassinated. but if the plot fails, the king?s son will likely have to deal with guts and his titanic broadsword, and the results of such confrontations are rarely pretty... or easy to clean up. $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 7 two feudal kingdoms, midland and chuder, battle for supremacy in what will become the final clash in a century-long struggle. spearheading the midland forces is the band of the hawk, a legendary cadre of elite mercenaries led by the charismatic griffith and with the fearless guts as its berserker champion. the hawks' ferocity, courage, and fearsome skills - not to mention guts' enormous broadsword - are just what midland needs to turn the bloody tide, but during the fray, guts and griffith's most trusted lieutenant, casca, fall together from a cliff into a raging river. miraculously, both barely survive, and guts tends to casca's wounds as she tells of having her life saved by griffith, her induction into the band of the hawk, and her deep feelings toward griffith. she even seems to finally be warming up to the grim guts. but this greeting-card moment won't last long, for chuder warriors are on the prowl, and the only greetings they carry are on the points of their spears! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 8 the century-spanning war between midland and chuder continues unabated. the two warring kingdoms, vying for supremacy, launch headfirst into what will become the final battle. leading the midland forces are the band of the hawk, lead by the charismatic griffith, with the fearless guts as his trusted champion. but should the hawks triumph again on the battlefield, the war with chuder may end, but the secret war within midland may begin as those who seek to rise within the court see the ambitious griffith as an obstacle to obtaining power. and nothing is more formidable than an enemy unseen! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 5 he is guts, the black swordsman, a warrior of legendary prowess ? relentless, fearless, merciless. as cold and brutal as the iron of the massive sword he wields. bent on revenge against the unholy forces that have branded him for sacrifice, but especially on griffith, one of the demon lords of the godhand. but griffith was once a man, the leader of the hawks, a renowned cadre of elite fighters with a young guts as its fiercest champion. though forged in a crucible of cruelty and violence, nothing could prepare guts for a confrontation with nosferatu zodd, a superhuman beast who slaughters guts? comrades as easily as a scythe cuts wheat. even guts and griffith are no match for the abomination?s power...but something griffith wears around his neck may well be! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 9 griffith, charismatic leader of the elite mercenary band of the hawk, has seen better days. his fearless champion, guts, has left the band, defeating griffith in personal combat as his ticket out. with his judgment clouded by this unthinkable humiliation, griffith eases his pain in the arms of the daughter of midland?s king. but the king doesn?t take kindly to an employee picking the royal flowers, and the next stop for griffith is the dungeon and the torture rack! without griffith and guts, the hawks become easy prey for midland?s army, and the awol guts may be the only answer to the hawks' ? and griffith?s ? lethal problems. $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 13 the band of the hawk may have been the most formidable band of fighters around, but when matched up against an army of abyssal monstrosities, earthly fighting skills don?t amount to a hill of beans. the hawks? tortured and mutilated former leader, griffith, has used the accursed crimson behelit to open the gates to a shadowy realm of unspeakable horrors, the realm of the demon lords of the godhand, who are willing to transform griffith into a being of terrible power and majesty as long as griffith is willing to give up his former command as sacrifices in the invocation of doom. but nobody takes down the hawks without a fight, and their berserker champion, guts, will take on anything hell can throw at him in order to save his lover, casca, from the sordid violations that only hell can offer. $12.99$3.99 advice for a better life see more untamed glennon doyle #1 new york times bestseller ? over two million copies sold! ?packed with incredible insight about what it means to be a woman today.??reese witherspoon (reese?s book club pick) in her most revealing and powerful memoir yet, the activist, speaker, bestselling author, and ?patron saint of female empowerment? (people) explores the joy and peace we discover when we stop striving to meet others? expectations and start trusting the voice deep within us. named one of the best books of the year by o: the oprah magazine ? the washington post ? cosmopolitan ? marie claire ? bloomberg ? parade ? ?untamed will liberate women?emotionally, spiritually, and physically. it is phenomenal.??elizabeth gilbert, author of city of girls and eat pray love this is how you find yourself. there is a voice of longing inside each woman. we strive so mightily to be good: good partners, daughters, mothers, employees, and friends. we hope all this striving will make us feel alive. instead, it leaves us feeling weary, stuck, overwhelmed, and underwhelmed. we look at our lives and wonder: wasn?t it all supposed to be more beautiful than this? we quickly silence that question, telling ourselves to be grateful, hiding our discontent?even from ourselves. for many years, glennon doyle denied her own discontent. then, while speaking at a conference, she looked at a woman across the room and fell instantly in love. three words flooded her mind: there she is. at first, glennon assumed these words came to her from on high. but she soon realized they had come to her from within. this was her own voice?the one she had buried beneath decades of numbing addictions, cultural conditioning, and institutional allegiances. this was the voice of the girl she had been before the world told her who to be. glennon decided to quit abandoning herself and to instead abandon the world?s expectations of her. she quit being good so she could be free. she quit pleasing and started living. soulful and uproarious, forceful and tender, untamed is both an intimate memoir and a galvanizing wake-up call. it is the story of how one woman learned that a responsible mother is not one who slowly dies for her children, but one who shows them how to fully live. it is the story of navigating divorce, forming a new blended family, and discovering that the brokenness or wholeness of a family depends not on its structure but on each member?s ability to bring her full self to the table. and it is the story of how each of us can begin to trust ourselves enough to set boundaries, make peace with our bodies, honor our anger and heartbreak, and unleash our truest, wildest instincts so that we become women who can finally look at ourselves and say: there she is. untamed shows us how to be brave. as glennon insists: the braver we are, the luckier we get. $16.99 make your bed: little things that can change your life...and maybe the world admiral william h. mcraven based on a navy seal's inspiring graduation speech, this #1 new york times bestseller of powerful life lessons "should be read by every leader in america" (wall street journal). if you want to change the world, start off by making your bed. on may 17, 2014, admiral william h. mcraven addressed the graduating class of the university of texas at austin on their commencement day. taking inspiration from the university's slogan, "what starts here changes the world," he shared the ten principles he learned during navy seal training that helped him overcome challenges not only in his training and long naval career, but also throughout his life; and he explained how anyone can use these basic lessons to change themselves-and the world-for the better. admiral mcraven's original speech went viral with over 10 million views. building on the core tenets laid out in his speech, mcraven now recounts tales from his own life and from those of people he encountered during his military service who dealt with hardship and made tough decisions with determination, compassion, honor, and courage. told with great humility and optimism, this timeless book provides simple wisdom, practical advice, and words of encouragement that will inspire readers to achieve more, even in life's darkest moments. "powerful." --usa today "full of captivating personal anecdotes from inside the national security vault." --washington post "superb, smart, and succinct." --forbes $15.99 how to start a conversation and make friends: revised and updated don gabor now revised and updated for the digital era, the classic bestseller how to start a conversation and make friends has helped hundreds of thousands of people communicate with wit, confidence, and enthusiasm for more than a generation. small-talk expert don gabor has completely revised and updated this definitive guide, showing how to combine essential techniques in the art of conversation with necessary skills for communicating in the twenty-first century. by following the simple and dynamic guidelines in this easy-to-read book, you?ll be ready to strike up a great conversation anytime, anywhere?whether you?re at a cocktail party or chatting online. learn how to keep the conversation going by asking the right questions, using body language effectively, and avoiding conversation pitfalls. combining his tried-and-true methods with a whole new section on communicating online and through social networking, don gabor shows you how to: ? identify your personal conversation style ? engage in online conversations using proper etiquette and security ? turn online conversations into face-to-face relationships ? boost your personal and professional speaking skills to the next level packed with charts, hundreds of opening lines, real-life examples, faqs, helpful hints, and solid professional advice, how to start a conversation and make friends will help you connect with others at home, work, online, in person, and everywhere in between. $16.99 breath perception: a daily guide to stress relief, mindfulness, and inner peace barbara ann kipfer a daily guide to harnessing the amazing power of breath. breath perception is your companion to understanding the power of breath and using it as a tool to improve your physical and mental health. partly because we take breath for granted and do not ?work? with it, we are somewhat unaware of the potential it holds to reduce stress, change metabolism, and increase our supply of energy. breath perception presents 261 simple exercises?one for every monday through friday?for using breath to attain greater well-being. on each page is a daily exercise followed by a ?wake-up call,? bits of wisdom to inspire you and enrich your meditation. develop compassion, gratitude, and forgiveness while de-stressing, lowering your blood pressure, and building up your immune system. yes, simple breathing has the power to do all of that and more! sleep better at night, concentrate better at work, and connect better with loved ones at home. once you learn to harness the power of breath, you?ll find that it serves you wherever you are, in whatever situations you find yourself. smartly packaged and attractively designed, breath perception is perfect for anyone who wants to give the gift of well-being or who is looking for a way to enrich a yoga or meditation practice. $16.99 eightysomethings: a practical guide to letting go, aging well, and finding unexpected happiness katharine esty **winner of the american book fest best book award in "health: aging/50+"** this invaluable guide will help the historical number of eightysomethings live fulfilled, happy lives long into their twilight years. personal stories illustrate how real people in their eighties are living and how they make sense of their lives. old age is not what it used to be. for the first time ever, most people in the united states are living into their eighties. the first guide of its kind, eightysomethings changes our understanding of old age with an upbeat and emotionally savvy view of the uncharted territory of the last stage of life. with insight and humor, dr. katharine esty describes the series of dramatic and difficult transitions that eightysomethings usually experience and how, despite their losses, they so often find themselves unexpectedly happy. living into one?s eighties doesn?t have to mean declining health and loneliness: dr. esty shows readers how to embrace?and thrive during?the later stages of life. based on her more than 120 interviews around the country, esty explores the lives of ordinary eightysomethings?their attitudes, activities, secrets, worries, purposes, and joys. esty adds her wisdom and perspective to this multi-dimensional look at being old as a social psychologist, a practicing psychotherapist, and as an eighty-four-year-old widow living in a retirement community. eightysomethings is a must-read for people in their eighties, and also for their families. adult children?often bewildered by their aging parents?need a wise guide like eightysomethings to help them navigate their parents? last stage of life with real-world guidelines and conversation starters. readers, young and old alike, will find this first-of-its-kind book eye-opening, comforting, and filled with practical tips. $17.99 atomic habits: an easy & proven way to build good habits & break bad ones james clear the #1 new york times bestseller. over 4 million copies sold! tiny changes, remarkable results no matter your goals, atomic habits offers a proven framework for improving--every day. james clear, one of the world's leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results. if you're having trouble changing your habits, the problem isn't you. the problem is your system. bad habits repeat themselves again and again not because you don't want to change, but because you have the wrong system for change. you do not rise to the level of your goals. you fall to the level of your systems. here, you'll get a proven system that can take you to new heights. clear is known for his ability to distill complex topics into simple behaviors that can be easily applied to daily life and work. here, he draws on the most proven ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to create an easy-to-understand guide for making good habits inevitable and bad habits impossible. along the way, readers will be inspired and entertained with true stories from olympic gold medalists, award-winning artists, business leaders, life-saving physicians, and star comedians who have used the science of small habits to master their craft and vault to the top of their field. learn how to: ? make time for new habits (even when life gets crazy); ? overcome a lack of motivation and willpower; ? design your environment to make success easier; ? get back on track when you fall off course; ...and much more. atomic habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success, and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits--whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, or achieve any other goal. $16.99 the four agreements: a practical guide to personal freedom don miguel ruiz in the four agreements, bestselling author don miguel ruiz reveals the source of self-limiting beliefs that rob us of joy and create needless suffering. based on ancient toltec wisdom, the four agreements offer a powerful code of conduct that can rapidly transform our lives to a new experience of freedom, true happiness, and love. ? a new york times bestseller for over a decade ? an international bestseller translated into 46 languages worldwide "this book by don miguel ruiz, simple yet so powerful, has made a tremendous difference in how i think and act in every encounter." ? oprah winfrey ?don miguel ruiz?s book is a roadmap to enlightenment and freedom.? ? deepak chopra, author, the seven spiritual laws of success ?an inspiring book with many great lessons.? ? wayne dyer, author, real magic ?in the tradition of castaneda, ruiz distills essential toltec wisdom, expressing with clarity and impeccability what it means for men and women to live as peaceful warriors in the modern world.? ? dan millman, author, way of the peaceful warrior ___________________ about the authors don miguel ruiz is the bestselling author of the four agreements (a new york times bestseller for over a decade), the four agreements companion book, the mastery of love, the voice of knowledge, the circle of fire, and the fifth agreement. the teachings of ruiz are best known for transforming complex human issues into simple common sense ? a talent that has earned him millions of fans and international acclaim. janet mills is the founder and president of amber-allen publishing. she is also the co-author, with don miguel ruiz, of six books in the toltec wisdom series, creator of the four agreements for a better life online course, and editor of deepak chopra?s bestselling title, the seven spiritual laws of success. her life?s mission is to publish books of enduring beauty, integrity, and wisdom, and to inspire others to fulfill their most cherished dreams. $10.00 the subtle art of not giving a f*ck: a counterintuitive approach to living a good life mark manson #1 new york times bestseller over 10 million copies sold in this generation-defining self-help guide, a superstar blogger cuts through the crap to show us how to stop trying to be "positive" all the time so that we can truly become better, happier people. for decades, we?ve been told that positive thinking is the key to a happy, rich life. "f**k positivity," mark manson says. "let?s be honest, shit is f**ked and we have to live with it." in his wildly popular internet blog, manson doesn?t sugarcoat or equivocate. he tells it like it is?a dose of raw, refreshing, honest truth that is sorely lacking today. the subtle art of not giving a f**k is his antidote to the coddling, let?s-all-feel-good mindset that has infected american society and spoiled a generation, rewarding them with gold medals just for showing up. manson makes the argument, backed both by academic research and well-timed poop jokes, that improving our lives hinges not on our ability to turn lemons into lemonade, but on learning to stomach lemons better. human beings are flawed and limited?"not everybody can be extraordinary, there are winners and losers in society, and some of it is not fair or your fault." manson advises us to get to know our limitations and accept them. once we embrace our fears, faults, and uncertainties, once we stop running and avoiding and start confronting painful truths, we can begin to find the courage, perseverance, honesty, responsibility, curiosity, and forgiveness we seek. there are only so many things we can give a f**k about so we need to figure out which ones really matter, manson makes clear. while money is nice, caring about what you do with your life is better, because true wealth is about experience. a much-needed grab-you-by-the-shoulders-and-look-you-in-the-eye moment of real-talk, filled with entertaining stories and profane, ruthless humor, the subtle art of not giving a f**k is a refreshing slap for a generation to help them lead contented, grounded lives. $12.99 alcoholics anonymous, fourth edition: the official "big book" from alcoholic anonymous alcoholics anonymous world services, inc. known as the "big book," the basic text of alcoholics anonymous has helped millions of people worldwide get and stay sober since the first edition appeared in 1939. opening chapters articulate a.a.?s program of recovery from alcoholism ? the original twelve steps ? and recount the personal histories of a.a.'s co-founders, bill w. and dr. bob. in the pages that follow, more than 40 a.a. members share how they stopped drinking and found a new healthier and more serene way of life through the fellowship of alcoholics anonymous. whether reading passages at meetings, reading privately for personal reflection, or working with a sponsor, the big book can be a source of inspiration, guidance and comfort on the journey to recovery. this fourth edition of alcoholics anonymous has been approved by the general service conference. $7.99 will will smith the instant #1 new york times bestseller! ?it's the best memoir i've ever read.? ?oprah winfrey ?will smith isn't holding back in his bravely inspiring new memoir . . . an ultimately heartwarming read, will provides a humane glimpse of the man behind the actor, producer and musician, as he bares all his insecurities and trauma.? ?usa today winner of the naacp image award for outstanding literary achievement one of the most dynamic and globally recognized entertainment forces of our time opens up fully about his life, in a brave and inspiring book that traces his learning curve to a place where outer success, inner happiness, and human connection are aligned. along the way, will tells the story in full of one of the most amazing rides through the worlds of music and film that anyone has ever had. will smith?s transformation from a west philadelphia kid to one of the biggest rap stars of his era, and then one of the biggest movie stars in hollywood history, is an epic tale?but it?s only half the story. will smith thought, with good reason, that he had won at life: not only was his own success unparalleled, his whole family was at the pinnacle of the entertainment world. only they didn't see it that way: they felt more like star performers in his circus, a seven-days-a-week job they hadn't signed up for. it turned out will smith's education wasn't nearly over. this memoir is the product of a profound journey of self-knowledge, a reckoning with all that your will can get you and all that it can leave behind. written with the help of mark manson, author of the multi-million-copy bestseller the subtle art of not giving a f*ck, will is the story of how one person mastered his own emotions, written in a way that can help everyone else do the same. few of us will know the pressure of performing on the world's biggest stages for the highest of stakes, but we can all understand that the fuel that works for one stage of our journey might have to be changed if we want to make it all the way home. the combination of genuine wisdom of universal value and a life story that is preposterously entertaining, even astonishing, puts will the book, like its author, in a category by itself. $16.99 top-sellers under $10 see more dune messiah book 2 book two in the magnificent dune chronicles?the bestselling science fiction adventure of all time dune messiah continues the story of paul atreides, better known?and feared?as the man christened muad?dib. as emperor of the known universe, he possesses more power than a single man was ever meant to wield. worshipped as a religious icon by the fanatical fremen, paul faces the enmity of the political houses he displaced when he assumed the throne?and a conspiracy conducted within his own sphere of influence. and even as house atreides begins to crumble around him from the machinations of his enemies, the true threat to paul comes to his lover, chani, and the unborn heir to his family?s dynasty... $9.99 tough justice tee o'fallon it should have been a routine investigation. instead, dea k-9 agent adam ?deck? decker watches in horror as one denver hospital seems to be ground zero for overdoses of a new drug. now deck can only hope a certain icy, green-eyed er doctor will help him and his canine partner track down the deadly source. dr. tori sampson has her reasons for not trusting federal agents, especially ones working for the dea. but the rash of overdoses?including a heartbreaking case involving a teen?is alarmingly high. and the new opioid is not only extremely dangerous, it defies all the usual medical treatments. so tori has a choice: work with the big, brawny, and annoyingly hot dea agent...or watch more innocent people die. tori?s the only person who can help deck break the case, and they?ll need to trust each other, no matter how high the tension and attraction sizzling between them runs. but with every question answered, they realize there?s something more behind these typical teen overdoses. there?s a pattern here, and a pattern can only suggest one thing. there?s a killer on the loose. $4.99 sonic the hedgehog 2: the official movie pre-quill kiel phegley catch up with sonic and friends?if you can?in this exclusive prequel to 2022's most anticipated family film! life is good in green hills for sonic the hedgehog . . . maybe too good. he's starting to get bored, and when sonic gets bored, things become a lot less boring for everyone else?fast! quicker than you can say "chili dog," the fastest thing alive is saving the day and causing all sorts of chaos along the way! plus, new and returning characters starring in the sonic the hedgehog 2 film take the lead in stories of their own! $8.75$7.35 how to be a wallflower: a would-be wallflowers novel eloisa james from new york times bestseller eloisa james, a new regency-set novel in which a heiress with the goal of being a wallflower engages a rugged american in a scorchingly sensual, witty wager that tests whether clothing does indeed make the man?or the wallflower! a perfect companion story to eloisa's my american duchess. miss cleopatra lewis is about to be launched in society by her aristocratic grandfather. but since she has no intention of marrying, she visits a costume emporium specifically to order unflattering dresses guaranteed to put off any prospective suitors. powerful and charismatic jacob astor addison is in london, acquiring businesses to add to his theatrical holdings in america?as well as buying an emerald for a young lady back in boston. he?s furious when a she-devil masquerading as an english lady steals quimby?s costume emporium from under his nose. jake strikes a devil?s bargain, offering to design her ?wallflower wardrobe? and giving cleo the chance to design his. cleo can?t resist the fun of clothing the rough-hewn american in feathers and flowers. and somehow in the middle of their lively competition, jake becomes her closest friend. it isn?t until cleo becomes the toast of all society that jake realizes she?s stolen his fiercely guarded heart. but unlike the noblemen at her feet, he doesn?t belong in her refined and cultured world. caught between the demands of honor and desire, jake would give up everything to be with the woman he loves?if she?ll have him! $6.99 moon knight (2014-): from the dead vol 1, #1-6 collects moon knight #1-6. khonshu -- god of the moon, god of vengeance -- saved marc spector's life, brought him to glory, and made him moon knight. but what khonshu gives, he also takes away. spector learned this the hard way, spiraling into madnes $22.52$5.00 and then there were none agatha christie a pbs great american read top 100 pick one of the most famous and beloved mysteries from the queen of suspense, agatha christie! more than 100 million copies sold and now a lifetime tv movie. ten people, each with something to hide and something to fear, are invited to a isolated mansion on indian island by a host who, surprisingly, fails to appear. on the island they are cut off from everything but each other and the inescapable shadows of their own past lives. one by one, the guests share the darkest secrets of their wicked pasts. and one by one, they die? which among them is the killer and will any of them survive? $9.99 the kiss quotient helen hoang from the author of the bride test comes a romance novel hailed as one of the washington post?s 50 notable works of fiction in 2018 and one of amazon?s top 100 books of 2018! ?this is such a fun read and it's also quite original and sexy and sensitive.??roxane gay, new york times bestselling author ?hoang's writing bursts from the page.??buzzfeed a heartwarming and refreshing debut novel that proves one thing: there's not enough data in the world to predict what will make your heart tick. stella lane thinks math is the only thing that unites the universe. she comes up with algorithms to predict customer purchases?a job that has given her more money than she knows what to do with, and way less experience in the dating department than the average thirty-year-old. it doesn't help that stella has asperger's and french kissing reminds her of a shark getting its teeth cleaned by pilot fish. her conclusion: she needs lots of practice?with a professional. which is why she hires escort michael phan. the vietnamese and swedish stunner can't afford to turn down stella's offer, and agrees to help her check off all the boxes on her lesson plan?from foreplay to more-than-missionary position... before long, stella not only learns to appreciate his kisses, but crave all of the other things he's making her feel. their no-nonsense partnership starts making a strange kind of sense. and the pattern that emerges will convince stella that love is the best kind of logic... $9.99 slaughterhouse-five: a novel kurt vonnegut a special fiftieth anniversary edition of kurt vonnegut?s masterpiece, ?a desperate, painfully honest attempt to confront the monstrous crimes of the twentieth century? (time), featuring a new introduction by kevin powers, author of the national book award finalist the yellow birds selected by the modern library as one of the 100 best novels of all time slaughterhouse-five, an american classic, is one of the world?s great antiwar books. centering on the infamous world war ii firebombing of dresden, the novel is the result of what kurt vonnegut described as a twenty-three-year struggle to write a book about what he had witnessed as an american prisoner of war. it combines historical fiction, science fiction, autobiography, and satire in an account of the life of billy pilgrim, a barber?s son turned draftee turned optometrist turned alien abductee. as vonnegut had, billy experiences the destruction of dresden as a pow. unlike vonnegut, he experiences time travel, or coming ?unstuck in time.? an instant bestseller, slaughterhouse-five made kurt vonnegut a cult hero in american literature, a reputation that only strengthened over time, despite his being banned and censored by some libraries and schools for content and language. but it was precisely those elements of vonnegut?s writing?the political edginess, the genre-bending inventiveness, the frank violence, the transgressive wit?that have inspired generations of readers not just to look differently at the world around them but to find the confidence to say something about it. authors as wide-ranging as norman mailer, john irving, michael crichton, tim o?brien, margaret atwood, elizabeth strout, david sedaris, jennifer egan, and j. k. rowling have all found inspiration in vonnegut?s words. jonathan safran foer has described vonnegut as ?the kind of writer who made people?young people especially?want to write.? george saunders has declared vonnegut to be ?the great, urgent, passionate american writer of our century, who offers us . . . a model of the kind of compassionate thinking that might yet save us from ourselves.? fifty years after its initial publication at the height of the vietnam war, vonnegut's portrayal of political disillusionment, ptsd, and postwar anxiety feels as relevant, darkly humorous, and profoundly affecting as ever, an enduring beacon through our own era?s uncertainties. ?poignant and hilarious, threaded with compassion and, behind everything, the cataract of a thundering moral statement.??the boston globe $8.99 moon knight (2014-): dead will rise vol 2, #7-12 ?season two' begins with a new creative team - and a blackout! when the city is thrust into darkness by a strange new threat, moon knight must use all of his weapons, (and personalities), to defeat a very different foe! then, it's a hostage situation in a high-rise, and moon knight comes to the rescue. but in this cellphone camera society, he's doing it on the world stage! and as moon knight's psychiatrist digs deeper into the hero's complicated psyche, mr. knight learns that the doctor isn't what she seems! plus: moon knight must break into the united nations building?but why? and can he deal with the consequences? when mr. knight finds himself a fugitive hunted by the nypd, everything comes crashing down! brian wood (x-men, dmz) takes the writing reins, so buckle up! collecting moon knight (2014) #7-12. $22.52$5.00 black hills nora roberts in this #1 new york times bestseller, nora roberts takes readers deep into the rugged hills of south dakota, where the shadows keep secrets, hunters stalk the land, and a friendship matures into something more.... cooper sullivan spent the summers of his youth on his grandparents? south dakota ranch, sharing innocent games and stolen kisses with the neighbor girl, lil chance. now, twelve years after they last walked together hand in hand, fate has brought them back to the black hills. though the memory of coop?s touch still haunts her, lil has let nothing stop her dream of opening the chance wildlife refuge, but something?or someone?has been keeping a close watch. when small pranks and acts of destruction escalate into a heartless attack on lil?s beloved cougar, memories of an unsolved murder have coop springing to action to keep lil safe. both of them know the natural dangers that lurk in the wild landscape of the black hills. but a killer of twisted and unnatural instincts has singled them out as prey.... $8.99 win at work see more how to start a conversation and make friends: revised and updated don gabor now revised and updated for the digital era, the classic bestseller how to start a conversation and make friends has helped hundreds of thousands of people communicate with wit, confidence, and enthusiasm for more than a generation. small-talk expert don gabor has completely revised and updated this definitive guide, showing how to combine essential techniques in the art of conversation with necessary skills for communicating in the twenty-first century. by following the simple and dynamic guidelines in this easy-to-read book, you?ll be ready to strike up a great conversation anytime, anywhere?whether you?re at a cocktail party or chatting online. learn how to keep the conversation going by asking the right questions, using body language effectively, and avoiding conversation pitfalls. combining his tried-and-true methods with a whole new section on communicating online and through social networking, don gabor shows you how to: ? identify your personal conversation style ? engage in online conversations using proper etiquette and security ? turn online conversations into face-to-face relationships ? boost your personal and professional speaking skills to the next level packed with charts, hundreds of opening lines, real-life examples, faqs, helpful hints, and solid professional advice, how to start a conversation and make friends will help you connect with others at home, work, online, in person, and everywhere in between. $16.99 think and grow rich napoleon hill think and grow rich is a motivational personal development and self-help book written by napoleon hill and inspired by a suggestion from scottish-american businessman andrew carnegie. while the title implies that this book deals only with how to get rich, the author explains that the philosophy taught in the book can be used to help people succeed in all lines of work and to do or be almost anything they want $1.99 101 great answers to the toughest interview questions ron fry updated for today?s job market, the classic interview prep guide helps you say the right words and get the job you want. no matter how good you look, how much research you?ve done, or how perfectly your qualifications match the job description, if you?re not prepared with great answers to the toughest interview questions, you won?t get the job. 101 great answers to the toughest interview questions is a manual that will help you home in on exactly what the interviewer is trying to learn . . . with each and every question he or she asks. if you?ve never done well on interviews, never even been on a job interview, or just want to make sure a lousy interview doesn?t cost you a job you really want, ron fry will help you get that job?as he has helped millions of people nationwide and throughout the world. this twenty-fifth anniversary edition of 101 great answers to the toughest interview questions is thoroughly updated to reflect the realities of today?s job market. whatever your age and experience, whether you are seeking your very first job or finally breaking into the executive office, this is the one book you need to get that job. $17.99 better grammar in 30 minutes a day constance immel do verb tenses make you tense? does ?affect? vs. ?effect? put you in a panic? help is here! this easy-to-use guide to grammar explains just how the english language works?especially the many ways it can trip you up?so you can write and speak with confidence. you?ll find: ?thorough coverage of key areas of grammar ?easy-to-understand explanations and plenty of exercises to test and refine your skills ?an answer key at the back of the book to encourage you to work at your own pace and check your answers as you go ?a glossary for a quick review of any grammatical term discussed in the book better grammar in 30 minutes a day allows you to customize your learning?so you can use it even if you have as little as five minutes a day to spare. like its companion guides in the better english series, this book is just what the teacher ordered?and will have you on your way to being grammatically correct! $17.99$1.99 atomic habits: an easy & proven way to build good habits & break bad ones james clear the #1 new york times bestseller. over 4 million copies sold! tiny changes, remarkable results no matter your goals, atomic habits offers a proven framework for improving--every day. james clear, one of the world's leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results. if you're having trouble changing your habits, the problem isn't you. the problem is your system. bad habits repeat themselves again and again not because you don't want to change, but because you have the wrong system for change. you do not rise to the level of your goals. you fall to the level of your systems. here, you'll get a proven system that can take you to new heights. clear is known for his ability to distill complex topics into simple behaviors that can be easily applied to daily life and work. here, he draws on the most proven ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to create an easy-to-understand guide for making good habits inevitable and bad habits impossible. along the way, readers will be inspired and entertained with true stories from olympic gold medalists, award-winning artists, business leaders, life-saving physicians, and star comedians who have used the science of small habits to master their craft and vault to the top of their field. learn how to: ? make time for new habits (even when life gets crazy); ? overcome a lack of motivation and willpower; ? design your environment to make success easier; ? get back on track when you fall off course; ...and much more. atomic habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success, and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits--whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, or achieve any other goal. $16.99 investing in yourself: financial riches for a lifetime and beyond giovanni rigters become wealthy instead of just rich. why would you invest your time and energy working for a company, while you could easily focus on becoming wealthy instead. do you think you are too broke, don't have the knowledge, or are not smart enough to get wealthy? let me help you break through all those barriers of self doubt and show you the steps towards wealth building. finally live the life you always wanted, with the freedom to go and do whatever you please, with no one telling you what to do. a life where you are your own boss, which allows you to go on as many exotic vacations as you want. a changed mindset and a plan of action are where we will begin and managing your wealth is where we will end. hurry! this book is on sale right now, but the price will go up soon. buy it now! $2.49 positive thinking: how to change your life with the power of positive thinking philip andrew "the power of positive thinking is so powerful that it can change your life." did you know, positive thinking can change your life? yes, if you know how to leverage it. in this book, i will show you how to change your life with the power of positive thinking. read this book now and change your life with positive thinking! $1.48$1.19 the obstacle is the way: the timeless art of turning trials into triumph ryan holiday #1 wall street journal bestseller the obstacle is the way has become a cult classic, beloved by men and women around the world who apply its wisdom to become more successful at whatever they do. its many fans include a former governor and movie star (arnold schwarzenegger), a hip hop icon (ll cool j), an irish tennis pro (james mcgee), an nbc sportscaster (michele tafoya), and the coaches and players of winning teams like the new england patriots, seattle seahawks, chicago cubs, and university of texas men?s basketball team. the book draws its inspiration from stoicism, the ancient greek philosophy of enduring pain or adversity with perseverance and resilience. stoics focus on the things they can control, let go of everything else, and turn every new obstacle into an opportunity to get better, stronger, tougher. as marcus aurelius put it nearly 2000 years ago: ?the impediment to action advances action. what stands in the way becomes the way.? ryan holiday shows us how some of the most successful people in history?from john d. rockefeller to amelia earhart to ulysses s. grant to steve jobs?have applied stoicism to overcome difficult or even impossible situations. their embrace of these principles ultimately mattered more than their natural intelligence, talents, or luck. if you?re feeling frustrated, demoralized, or stuck in a rut, this book can help you turn your problems into your biggest advantages. and along the way it will inspire you with dozens of true stories of the greats from every age and era. $10.99 think again: the power of knowing what you don't know adam grant #1 new york times bestseller ?this. this is the right book for right now. yes, learning requires focus. but, unlearning and relearning requires much more?it requires choosing courage over comfort. in think again, adam grant weaves together research and storytelling to help us build the intellectual and emotional muscle we need to stay curious enough about the world to actually change it. i?ve never felt so hopeful about what i don?t know.? ?bren? brown, ph.d., #1 new york times bestselling author of dare to lead the bestselling author of give and take and originals examines the critical art of rethinking: learning to question your opinions and open other people's minds, which can position you for excellence at work and wisdom in life intelligence is usually seen as the ability to think and learn, but in a rapidly changing world, there's another set of cognitive skills that might matter more: the ability to rethink and unlearn. in our daily lives, too many of us favor the comfort of conviction over the discomfort of doubt. we listen to opinions that make us feel good, instead of ideas that make us think hard. we see disagreement as a threat to our egos, rather than an opportunity to learn. we surround ourselves with people who agree with our conclusions, when we should be gravitating toward those who challenge our thought process. the result is that our beliefs get brittle long before our bones. we think too much like preachers defending our sacred beliefs, prosecutors proving the other side wrong, and politicians campaigning for approval--and too little like scientists searching for truth. intelligence is no cure, and it can even be a curse: being good at thinking can make us worse at rethinking. the brighter we are, the blinder to our own limitations we can become. organizational psychologist adam grant is an expert on opening other people's minds--and our own. as wharton's top-rated professor and the bestselling author of originals and give and take, he makes it one of his guiding principles to argue like he's right but listen like he's wrong. with bold ideas and rigorous evidence, he investigates how we can embrace the joy of being wrong, bring nuance to charged conversations, and build schools, workplaces, and communities of lifelong learners. you'll learn how an international debate champion wins arguments, a black musician persuades white supremacists to abandon hate, a vaccine whisperer convinces concerned parents to immunize their children, and adam has coaxed yankees fans to root for the red sox. think again reveals that we don't have to believe everything we think or internalize everything we feel. it's an invitation to let go of views that are no longer serving us well and prize mental flexibility over foolish consistency. if knowledge is power, knowing what we don't know is wisdom. $16.99 the art of war sun tzu the art of war is a translation of sun tzu?s originally written book on battle strategies by author james clavell. sun tzu believed war to be an essential wrongdoing that must be got rid of whenever it can be. the war should be fought fleetingly to reduce economic decline. sun tzu harped on the significance of placement in military tactics. the planning to position an army must be dependent on the stipulations in the physical surroundings and the subjective thoughts of various militants in those conditions. he believed that strategy cannot be considered as planning with respect to glancing through a previously decided list. it is better represented by the fact that it needs speedy and suitable reactions to altering situations. planning gives results in restrained surroundings. but in case of an altering environment, similar plans come in each other?s ways and give rise to undesired outcomes. the book has been a profound factor in the workings of eastern and western military strategies, business planning, legal thought processes, and more. (the art of war by sun tzu, 9789380914893) $3.74 start a new series see more dune: volume 1 book 1 now a major motion picture directed by denis villeneuve, starring timoth?e chalamet, zendaya, jason momoa, rebecca ferguson, oscar isaac, josh brolin, stellan skarsg?rd, dave bautista, david dastmalchian, stephen mckinley henderson, chang chen, sharon duncan-brewster, charlotte rampling, and javier bardem. frank herbert?s classic masterpiece?a triumph of the imagination and one of the bestselling science fiction novels of all time. set on the desert planet arrakis, dune is the story of the boy paul atreides, heir to a noble family tasked with ruling an inhospitable world where the only thing of value is the ?spice? melange, a drug capable of extending life and enhancing consciousness. coveted across the known universe, melange is a prize worth killing for.... when house atreides is betrayed, the destruction of paul?s family will set the boy on a journey toward a destiny greater than he could ever have imagined. and as he evolves into the mysterious man known as muad?dib, he will bring to fruition humankind?s most ancient and unattainable dream. a stunning blend of adventure and mysticism, environmentalism and politics, dune won the first nebula award, shared the hugo award, and formed the basis of what is undoubtedly the grandest epic in science fiction. $10.99 berserk vol 1 created by kentaro miura, berserk is manga mayhem to the extreme - violent, horrifying, and mercilessly funny - and the wellspring for the internationally popular anime series. not for the squeamish or the easily offended, berserk asks for no quarter - and offers none! his name is guts, the black swordsman, a feared warrior spoken of only in whispers. bearer of a gigantic sword, an iron hand, and the scars of countless battles and tortures, his flesh is also indelibly marked with the brand, an unholy symbol that draws the forces of darkness to him and dooms him as their sacrifice. but guts won't take his fate lying down; he'll cut a crimson swath of carnage through the ranks of the damned - and anyone else foolish enough to oppose him! accompanied by puck the elf, more an annoyance than a companion, guts relentlessly follows a dark, bloodstained path that leads only to death...or vengeance. $12.99$3.99 shift: a dark paranormal shifter romance book 1 eighteen-year-old loren connors is just another angst-ridden teen with a world of problems to hide. bill mcgoven is the strange police officer who seems to be watching her every step. loren doesn?t know that bill?the reclusive owner of the one place she sees as a safe haven?is a werewolf. one who?s had his eye on her for longer than she can remember? and one whose past and present are bound to hers in a way she can?t even imagine. when one tragic night brings him from the sidelines of her life and into her orbit, there is no turning back. they?re bound together, whether they want to be or not. $7.59$1.24 bridgerton: the duke and i book 1 a #1 new york times bestseller from #1 new york times bestselling author julia quinn comes the story of daphne bridgerton, in the first of her beloved regency-set novels featuring the charming, powerful bridgerton family, now a series created by shondaland for netflix. in the ballrooms and drawing rooms of regency london, rules abound. from their earliest days, children of aristocrats learn how to address an earl and curtsey before a prince?while other dictates of the ton are unspoken yet universally understood. a proper duke should be imperious and aloof. a young, marriageable lady should be amiable?but not too amiable. daphne bridgerton has always failed at the latter. the fourth of eight siblings in her close-knit family, she has formed friendships with the most eligible young men in london. everyone likes daphne for her kindness and wit. but no one truly desires her. she is simply too deuced honest for that, too unwilling to play the romantic games that captivate gentlemen. amiability is not a characteristic shared by simon basset, duke of hastings. recently returned to england from abroad, he intends to shun both marriage and society?just as his callous father shunned simon throughout his painful childhood. yet an encounter with his best friend?s sister offers another option. if daphne agrees to a fake courtship, simon can deter the mamas who parade their daughters before him. daphne, meanwhile, will see her prospects and her reputation soar. the plan works like a charm?at first. but amid the glittering, gossipy, cut-throat world of london?s elite, there is only one certainty: love ignores every rule... this novel includes the 2nd epilogue, a peek at the story after the story. $11.99 moon knight (2014-): from the dead vol 1, #1-6 collects moon knight #1-6. khonshu -- god of the moon, god of vengeance -- saved marc spector's life, brought him to glory, and made him moon knight. but what khonshu gives, he also takes away. spector learned this the hard way, spiraling into madnes $22.52$5.00 the jensen brand: volume 1 book 1 in this western series opener by two bestselling authors, a brother and sister team up to save their family and take down cattle rustlers.jensen proud. jensen tough. it?s the dawn of a new century. but on the vast sugarloaf ranch not much has changed since legendary gunfighter smoke jensen and his wife sally tamed the land two decades ago. raising cattle is still a dangerous business?and just as deadly as ever. when smoke is injured swapping bullets with some cow thieves, sally puts out a call for help to matt, ace, and the rest of the jensen clan. but time is running out. the bloodthirsty rustlers are ready to strike again?and there are lots more of them. and the sugarloaf?s last defense is smoke and sally?s next of kin? enter the jensen twins. denise and her brother louis have just returned home from their schooling in europe. louis is studying to be a lawyer and is too sickly to defend the ranch. but denise is to the manor born?she can ride like a man, shoot like her daddy, and face down the deadliest outlaws like nobody?s business. and there?ll be plenty opportunity to prove she?s got jensen blood in her veins?cold, deadly, and playing for keeps? $7.59 bannon brothers: trust book 1 the new york times bestselling author ?launches her bannon brothers trilogy with this fast-paced, compelling romantic mystery? (library journal). with relentless suspense and a deft feel for creating men of power and character, janet dailey introduces three unforgettable brothers: rj, linc, and deke bannon. cold cases aren?t rj bannon?s usual line of work. but ann montgomery?s long-ago abduction is too intriguing to pass up. ann was just three when she was taken in the night from her family?s historic virginia mansion more than twenty-five years ago. the socially prominent montgomerys launched a heartbreaking search but no trace of the missing girl was ever found. bannon knows the chances of finding her now?alive or dead?are slim, yet he can?t stop searching for answers. especially once he meets erin randall. a beautiful, talented local artist, she seems to share some tantalizing connections with the vanished ann. as the legacy of lies and deception comes to a shocking climax, a hidden menace explodes, and bannon vows to protect erin at all costs?even if it puts his own life on the line . . . praise for janet dailey and her novels ?dailey confirms her place as a top mega-seller.??kirkus reviews ?evocative, flavorful . . . dailey casts her spell.??publishers weekly ?romance and suspense blend seamlessly into the tightly crafted plot.??romantic times $9.99 the promise book 1 a springtime love blooms in this first book in the series from the author who?knows how to write authentic amish fiction? (she lives to read). like most amish young women, phoebe yoder has dreams?but not of a courtship?at least not yet. she dreams of caring for the tender-hearted alpacas at her englischer neighbor?s farm, and learning the business herself. but that longing falls away the moment her baby sister goes missing. in that horrifying instant, desperate for her sister?s safe return, she whispers a promise to gott: she will give up her dreams and marry micah graber, a man she doesn?t love, but who is determined to make her his wife. benjamin miller hasn?t been back in southern maryland for long before he meets phoebe and begins to imagine what a fine life they could build together, beginning with an alpaca farm of their own. but he can see that phoebe?s brash vow is all she will consider, no matter what her heart wants. as ben falls for her gentle manner and sweet, sad eyes, he comes to understand his daunting task: to convince phoebe that together, they can make a new promise that will never be broken . . . praise for susan lantz simpson and her novels ?not many authors capture the humility of the amish as well as susan.? ?suspense sisters ?enjoy the mending as a break from busy modern life and a reminder that we should treat others with understanding. this unusual romance has a stubborn heroine, a bashful hero and a deepening love. what more could we ask?? ?fresh fiction $7.59 that darkness book 1 the ?taut and haunting? first thriller in the gardiner and renner series from the new york times bestselling author of every kind of wicked (jeff lindsay, creator of the dexter series). as a forensic investigator for the cleveland police department, maggie gardiner has seen her share of jane does. the latest is an unidentified female in her early teens, discovered in a local cemetery. more shocking than the girl?s injuries?for maggie at least?is the fact that no one has reported her missing. she and the detectives assigned to the case (including her cop ex-husband) are determined to follow every lead, run down every scrap of evidence. but the monster they seek is watching every move, closer to them than they could possibly imagine. jack renner is a killer. he doesn?t murder because he enjoys it, or because he believes himself omnipotent, or for any reason other than to make the world a safer place. when he follows the trail of this jane doe to a locked room in a small apartment where eighteen teenaged girls are anything but safe, he knows something must be done. but his pursuit of their captor takes an unexpected turn. maggie gardiner finds another body waiting for her in the autopsy room?and a host of questions that will challenge everything she believes about justice, morality, and the true nature of evil . . . ?an absolute must read.??suspense magazine ?black skillfully portrays the stark realities of homicide cases.??library journal ?intriguing forensic details help drive the plot to its satisfying conclusion.??publishers weekly ?the surprising ending is sure to keep readers coming back for more.??booklist $9.49 the bridgertons: happily ever after julia quinn #1 new york times bestselling author julia quinn presents a novella featuring violet bridgerton along with a collection of ?second epilogues? to her bridgerton series?her beloved regency-set novels featuring her charming, powerful bridgerton family?now a series created by shondaland for netflix. ever wonder what happens after the happily ever after? julia quinn?s bridgerton series remains one of the most beloved among historical romance readers, and this collection of ?second epilogues??stories that take place after the original books end?offers fans more from their favorite characters. also unique to this volume is a novella featuring violet bridgerton, beloved mother of the eight bridgerton siblings, in addition to second epilogues for the duke and i; the viscount who loved me; an offer from a gentleman; romancing mister bridgerton; to sir phillip, with love; when he was wicked, it?s in his kiss; and on the way to the wedding sure to satisfy the legions of julia quinn fans. $11.99 free sneak peeks see more bridgerton collection volume 1: the first three books in the bridgerton series julia quinn an enchanting collection containing the first three novels in new york times bestselling author julia quinn?s beloved bridgerton series set in regency england?the duke and i, the viscount who loved me, and an offer from a gentleman?now a series created by shondaland for netflix the duke and i when daphne bridgerton and simon basset, duke of hastings, agree to a fake courtship, they think they?ve found the perfect solution to their problems. romantically associated with one of london?s most desirable catches, daphne?s prospects among the ton will soar. for avowed bachelor simon, an attachment to daphne will deter would-be brides and their ambitious mamas. their plan works like a charm?at first. but amid the glittering, gossipy, cut-throat world of london?s elite, there is only one certainty: love ignores every rule. . . the viscount who loved me london's most elusive bachelor, anthony bridgerton is determined to wed. but one obstacle stands in his way?his intended's older sister, kate sheffield, who is driving anthony mad with her determination to stop the betrothal. kate is quite sure that reformed rakes do not make the best husbands, and anthony bridgerton is the most wicked rogue of them all. she?s determined to protect her sister?even as she fears she may not be able to resist the reprehensible and oh so desirable rake herself . . . an offer from a gentleman sophie beckett never dreamed she'd be able to sneak into lady bridgerton's famed masquerade ball?or that she would be spinning in the arms of her "prince charming"?the debonair and devastatingly handsome benedict bridgerton. but when the clock strikes midnight, sophie?s enchanting evening ends. since that night benedict has been able to think of nothing but the bewitching young woman, and he?s sworn to find and wed his mystery miss. yet will another unexpectedly steal his heart?and his chance for a fairy tale love? $19.99 the viscount who loved me: bridgerton book 2 # 1 new york times bestseller the inspiration for season two of bridgerton, a series created by shondaland for netflix, from #1 new york times bestselling author julia quinn: the story of anthony bridgerton in the second of her beloved regency-set novels featuring the charming, powerful bridgerton family. anthony?s story this time the gossip columnists have it wrong. london?s most elusive bachelor anthony bridgerton hasn?t just decided to marry?he?s even chosen a wife! the only obstacle is his intended?s older sister, kate sheffield?the most meddlesome woman ever to grace a london ballroom. the spirited schemer is driving anthony mad with her determination to stop the betrothal, but when he closes his eyes at night, kate?s the woman haunting his increasingly erotic dreams... contrary to popular belief, kate is quite sure that reformed rakes do not make the best husbands?and anthony bridgerton is the most wicked rogue of them all. kate?s determined to protect her sister?but she fears her own heart is vulnerable. and when anthony?s lips touch hers, she?s suddenly afraid she might not be able to resist the reprehensible rake herself... $11.99 bridgerton collection volume 2: books four-six in the bridgerton series julia quinn an enchanting collection containing books four, five, and six of #1 new york times bestselling author julia quinn?s beloved regency-set bridgerton novels?romancing mister bridgerton; to sir phillip, with love; and when he was wicked?now a series created by shondaland for netflix. romancing mister bridgerton penelope featherington has secretly adored her best friend?s brother from afar for forever?until she stumbles across colin bridgerton?s deepest secret and fears she doesn't know him at all. meanwhile, colin is tired of his reputation as an empty-headed charmer and of the notorious gossip columnist lady whistledown. upon his return to london, he discovers everything has changed?especially penelope featherington! the girl who was always simply there suddenly haunts his dreams. when he discovers that penelope has secrets of her own, this elusive bachelor must decide . . . is she his biggest threat or his promise of a happy ending? to sir phillip, with love sir phillip knew that eloise bridgerton was a spinster, and so he?d proposed, figuring she?d be timid and desperate to marry. except . . . she wasn?t. and all he wanted to do was kiss her . . . as for eloise, she couldn?t marry a man she had never met! yet, she found herself in a carriage on her way to meet her perfect match. except . . . he wasn?t. despite being handsome, phillip was a large, ill-mannered brute. but when he kissed her, the world simply fell away? could this imperfect man be perfect for her? when he was wicked after a lifetime of smiling slyly as women chased him, michael stirling, london?s most infamous rake, took one look at francesca bridgerton and fell hopelessly in love. unfortunately for michael, francesca?s surname was to remain bridgerton for only a mere thirty-six hours longer?they met at a supper celebrating her imminent wedding to his cousin. but that was then . . . now michael is the earl and francesca is free, but she still sees him as a dear friend. michael dares not profess his love . . . until one dangerous night, passion proves stronger than even the most wicked of secrets . . . $19.99 romancing mister bridgerton: bridgerton book 4 a new york times bestseller from #1 new york times bestselling author julia quinn comes the story of colin bridgerton and penelope featherington, in the fourth of her beloved regency-set novels featuring the charming, powerful bridgerton family, now a series created by shondaland for netflix. colin and penelope?s story penelope featherington has secretly adored her best friend?s brother for . . . well, it feels like forever. after half a lifetime of watching colin bridgerton from afar, she thinks she knows everything about him, until she stumbles across his deepest secret . . . and fears she doesn?t know him at all. colin bridgerton is tired of being thought of as nothing but an empty-headed charmer, tired of the notorious gossip columnist lady whistledown, who can?t seem to publish an edition without mentioning him. but when colin returns to london from a trip abroad, he discovers nothing in his life is quite the same?especially penelope featherington! the girl who was always simply there is suddenly the girl haunting his dreams. when he discovers that penelope has secrets of her own, this elusive bachelor must decide . . . is she his biggest threat? or his promise of a happy ending? $11.99 an offer from a gentleman: bridgerton book 3 a new york times bestseller from #1 new york times bestselling author julia quinn comes the story of benedict bridgerton, in the third of her beloved regency-set novels featuring the charming, powerful bridgerton family, now a series created by shondaland for netflix. benedict?s story sophie beckett never dreamed she?d be able to sneak into lady bridgerton?s famed masquerade ball?or that ?prince charming? would be waiting there for her! though the daughter of an earl, sophie has been relegated to the role of servant by her disdainful stepmother. but now, spinning in the strong arms of the debonair and devastatingly handsome benedict bridgerton, she feels like royalty. alas, she knows all enchantments must end when the clock strikes midnight. ever since that magical night, a radiant vision in silver has blinded benedict to the attractions of any other?except, perhaps, this alluring and oddly familiar beauty dressed in housemaid?s garb whom he feels compelled to rescue from a most disagreeable situation. he has sworn to find and wed his mystery miss, but this breathtaking maid makes him weak with wanting her. yet, if he offers her his heart, will benedict sacrifice his only chance for a fairy-tale love? $11.99 sylvanas (world of warcraft) book 4 the epic, definitive story of sylvanas windrunner, one of world of warcraft?s most enduring and iconic characters, as chronicled by bestselling author christie golden. ranger-general. banshee queen. warchief. sylvanas windrunner has borne many titles. to some, she is a hero?to others, a villain. but whether in pursuit of justice, vengeance, or something more, sylvanas has always sought to control her own destiny. the power to achieve her goals has never been closer, as sylvanas works alongside the jailer to liberate all azeroth from the prison of fate. her final task? secure the fealty of their prisoner?king anduin wrynn. to succeed, sylvanas will be forced to reflect on the harrowing path that brought her to the jailer?s side and to reveal her truest self to her greatest rival. here, sylvanas?s complete story is laid bare: the breaking of the windrunner family and her rise to ranger- general; her own death at the hands of arthas and her renewed purpose in founding the forsaken; the moment she first beheld the maw and understood the true consequences of what lay beyond the veil of death. but as her moment of victory draws near, sylvanas windrunner will make a choice that may ultimately come to define her. a choice that?s hers to make. $16.99 the recovery agent: a novel janet evanovich #1 new york times bestselling author janet evanovich returns with the launch of a blockbuster new series that blends wild adventure, hugely appealing characters, and pitch-perfect humor, proving once again why she?s ?the most popular mystery writer alive? (the new york times). lost something? gabriela rose knows how to get it back. as a recovery agent, she?s hired by individuals and companies seeking lost treasures, stolen heirlooms, or missing assets of any kind. she?s reliable, cool under pressure, and well trained in weapons of all types. but gabriela?s latest job isn?t for some bamboozled billionaire, it?s for her own family, whose home is going to be wiped off the map if they can?t come up with a lot of money fast. inspired by an old family legend, gabriela sets off for the jungles of peru in pursuit of the ring of solomon and the lost treasure of lima. but this particular job comes with a huge problem attached to it?gabriela?s ex-husband, rafer. it?s rafer who has the map that possibly points the way to the treasure, and he?s not about to let gabriela find it without him. rafer is as relaxed as gabriela is driven, and he has a lifetime?s experience getting under his ex-wife?s skin. but when they aren?t bickering about old times the two make a formidable team, and it?s going to take a team to defeat the vicious drug lord who has also been searching for the fabled ring. a drug lord who doesn?t mind leaving a large body count behind him to get it. the recovery agent marks the start of an irresistible new series that will have you clamoring for more and cheering for the unstoppable gabriela rose on every page. $13.99 the diamond eye: a novel kate quinn the new york times bestselling author of the rose code returns with an unforgettable world war ii tale of a quiet bookworm who becomes history?s deadliest female sniper. based on a true story. in 1937 in the snowbound city of kiev (now known as kyiv), wry and bookish history student mila pavlichenko organizes her life around her library job and her young son?but hitler?s invasion of ukraine and russia sends her on a different path. given a rifle and sent to join the fight, mila must forge herself from studious girl to deadly sniper?a lethal hunter of nazis known as lady death. when news of her three hundredth kill makes her a national heroine, mila finds herself torn from the bloody battlefields of the eastern front and sent to america on a goodwill tour. still reeling from war wounds and devastated by loss, mila finds herself isolated and lonely in the glittering world of washington, dc?until an unexpected friendship with first lady eleanor roosevelt and an even more unexpected connection with a silent fellow sniper offer the possibility of happiness. but when an old enemy from mila?s past joins forces with a deadly new foe lurking in the shadows, lady death finds herself battling her own demons and enemy bullets in the deadliest duel of her life. based on a true story, the diamond eye is a haunting novel of heroism born of desperation, of a mother who became a soldier, of a woman who found her place in the world and changed the course of history forever. $14.99 dune: volume 1 book 1 now a major motion picture directed by denis villeneuve, starring timoth?e chalamet, zendaya, jason momoa, rebecca ferguson, oscar isaac, josh brolin, stellan skarsg?rd, dave bautista, david dastmalchian, stephen mckinley henderson, chang chen, sharon duncan-brewster, charlotte rampling, and javier bardem. frank herbert?s classic masterpiece?a triumph of the imagination and one of the bestselling science fiction novels of all time. set on the desert planet arrakis, dune is the story of the boy paul atreides, heir to a noble family tasked with ruling an inhospitable world where the only thing of value is the ?spice? melange, a drug capable of extending life and enhancing consciousness. coveted across the known universe, melange is a prize worth killing for.... when house atreides is betrayed, the destruction of paul?s family will set the boy on a journey toward a destiny greater than he could ever have imagined. and as he evolves into the mysterious man known as muad?dib, he will bring to fruition humankind?s most ancient and unattainable dream. a stunning blend of adventure and mysticism, environmentalism and politics, dune won the first nebula award, shared the hugo award, and formed the basis of what is undoubtedly the grandest epic in science fiction. $10.99 bridgerton collection volume 3: the last two books in the bridgerton series and the first bridgerton prequel julia quinn an enchanting collection containing books seven and eight of #1 new york times bestselling author julia quinn?s beloved regency-set bridgerton novels, now a series created by shondaland for netflix ?it?s in his kiss and on the way to the wedding?as well as the first book in her bridgerton prequel series, because of miss bridgerton. it?s in his kiss gareth st. clair?s ignoble father is determined to ruin his inheritance. gareth?s sole bequest is an old family diary, which may hold the key to his future. the problem is it?s written in italian. hyacinth bridgerton has offered to translate. she?s fiendishly smart, devilishly outspoken, and according to gareth, best in small doses. but there?s something equally charming and vexing about her that draws him in. as they delve into the mysterious text, these two might discover that the answers they seek lie in each other . . . and that there is nothing as simple?or as complicated?as a single, perfect kiss. on the way to the wedding gregory bridgerton believes he has found his dream woman. unfortunately, the ravishing miss hermione watson is in love with another. her best friend, the ever-practical lady lucinda abernathy, wants to save hermione from a disastrous alliance, and offers to help gregory win her heart. in the process, lucy falls in love?with gregory! but she is already engaged, and her uncle is not inclined to let her out of the betrothal. now, on the way to the wedding, gregory must risk everything to ensure that when it comes time to kiss the bride, he is the only man standing at the altar? because of miss bridgerton everyone expects billie bridgerton to marry one of the rokesby brothers. as a child, tomboyish billie ran wild with edward and andrew. there is only one rokesby billie absolutely cannot tolerate. george may be the heir to the earldom, but he?s arrogant, annoying, and she?s certain he detests her. she can?t stand the sight of him either. but when billie and george are quite literally thrown together, sparks begin to fly. they just might discover that the one person they can?t abide is the one person they can?t live without... $19.99 get hooked on suspense see more the recovery agent: a novel janet evanovich #1 new york times bestselling author janet evanovich returns with the launch of a blockbuster new series that blends wild adventure, hugely appealing characters, and pitch-perfect humor, proving once again why she?s ?the most popular mystery writer alive? (the new york times). lost something? gabriela rose knows how to get it back. as a recovery agent, she?s hired by individuals and companies seeking lost treasures, stolen heirlooms, or missing assets of any kind. she?s reliable, cool under pressure, and well trained in weapons of all types. but gabriela?s latest job isn?t for some bamboozled billionaire, it?s for her own family, whose home is going to be wiped off the map if they can?t come up with a lot of money fast. inspired by an old family legend, gabriela sets off for the jungles of peru in pursuit of the ring of solomon and the lost treasure of lima. but this particular job comes with a huge problem attached to it?gabriela?s ex-husband, rafer. it?s rafer who has the map that possibly points the way to the treasure, and he?s not about to let gabriela find it without him. rafer is as relaxed as gabriela is driven, and he has a lifetime?s experience getting under his ex-wife?s skin. but when they aren?t bickering about old times the two make a formidable team, and it?s going to take a team to defeat the vicious drug lord who has also been searching for the fabled ring. a drug lord who doesn?t mind leaving a large body count behind him to get it. the recovery agent marks the start of an irresistible new series that will have you clamoring for more and cheering for the unstoppable gabriela rose on every page. $13.99 the club: a novel ellery lloyd a reese's book club pick instant new york times bestseller ?are you ready for the roller coaster ride that is the club? . . . a beautifully written, densely plotted murder mystery that takes place at a private club off the coast of england. read about a luxurious, celeb-only island during a weekend of partying and ultimately murder.? ?reese witherspoon (reese?s book club march ?22 pick) from the author of people like her comes a smart and sinister murder mystery set in the secretive world of exclusive celebrity clubs. everyone's dying to join . . . the home group is a glamorous collection of celebrity members' clubs dotted across the globe, where the rich and famous can party hard and then crash out in its five-star suites, far from the prying eyes of fans and the media. the most spectacular of all is island home?a closely-guarded, ultraluxurious resort, just off the english coast?and its three-day launch party is easily the most coveted a-list invite of the decade. but behind the scenes, tensions are at breaking point: the ambitious and expensive project has pushed the home group's ceo and his long-suffering team to their absolute limits. all of them have something to hide?and that's before the beautiful people with their own ugly secrets even set foot on the island. as tempers fray and behavior worsens, as things get more sinister by the hour and the body count piles up, some of island home?s members will begin to wish they?d never made the guest list. because at this club, if your name?s on the list, you?re not getting out. $17.99 the match harlan coben named a best book by usa today ? wall street journal ? publishers weekly from the creator of the #1 hit netflix series stay close comes a gripping new thriller in which wilde follows a tip that may finally reveal the truth behind his abandonment?only to end up in the sights of a ruthless killer. after months away, wilde has returned to the ramapo mountains in the wake of a failed bid at domesticity that confirms what he?s known all along: he belongs on his own, free from the comforts and constraints of modern life. suddenly, a dna match on an online ancestry database brings wilde closer to his past than he?s ever dreamed, and finally gives wilde the opening he needs to track down his father. but meeting the man brings up more questions than answers. so wilde reaches out to his last, most desperate lead, a second cousin who disappears as quickly as he resurfaces, having experienced an epic fall from grace that can only be described as a waking nightmare. was his cousin?s downfall a long time coming? or was he the victim of a conspiracy as cunning as it is complex? and how does it all connect to the man once known as the stranger, a treacherous fugitive with a growing following whose mission and methods have only turned more dangerous with time? $18.99 steal james patterson art galleries and casinos, mansions and brothels, billionaires and thieves?only james patterson could create a triple-cross this decadent and suspenseful. imagine everyone?s surprise when carter von oehson, a sophomore in dr. dylan reinhart?s abnormal psychology class, posts on instagram that he plans to kill himself. 24 hours later and still no one has seen him. release the hounds. a massive search ensues. but when carter?s sailboat rolls in with the tide without him or anyone else on it, the worst seems to be confirmed. he really did it . . . or did he? the one person convinced he?s still alive is his father, mathias von oehson, founder and ceo of the world?s largest hedge fund. but what mathias knows and how he knows it would ultimately reveal a secret so damaging that it would be as if he were committing suicide himself. there?s no way he can go to the police. but there?s still someone he can turn to. dylan now finds himself wrapped up in multi-million-dollar secrets and danger and it?s going to take every bit of his wit, and the brilliant and headstrong nypd detective, elizabeth needham, to stay ahead of both his enemy . . . and his employer. $14.99 flame and fortune jana deleon no smoke without a fire. it?s new year?s in sinful, and the competition for the new year?s queen is heating up as the warring churches go head-to-head. fortune redding is not the sequined dress kind of woman, but reluctantly agrees to partake in the debacle so that ida belle and gertie can best their nemesis, celia, who?s put up former sinful mean girl rj rogers. rj and her friend brock benoit left plenty of devastation in their wake when they fled sinful after high school. so when they return and brock is found dead, there?s no shortage of suspects. fortune, ida belle, and gertie know all too well what it?s like to live under suspicion of a crime with no resolution. when good people become the targets of gossip, they know they have to rush to unravel the tangled lives of rj and brock and expose a killer before the wrong person?s reputation is ruined. or worse?they?re arrested for a crime they didn?t commit. $7.99 shadows reel book 22 wyoming game warden joe pickett and his wife marybeth make separate discoveries that put the pickett family in a pair of killers? crosshairs in this thrilling new novel in the bestselling series. a day before the three pickett girls come home for thanksgiving, joe is called out for a moose poaching incident that turns out to be something much more sinister: a local fishing guide has been brutally tortured and murdered. at the same time, marybeth opens an unmarked package at the library where she works and finds a photo album that belonged to an infamous nazi official. who left it there? and why? she learns that during world war ii, several wyoming soldiers were in the group that fought to hitler?s eagles nest retreat in the alps?and one of them took the fuhrer?s personal photo album. did another take this one and keep it all these years? when a close neighbor is murdered, joe and marybeth face new questions: who is after the book? and how will they solve its mystery before someone hurts them?or their girls? meanwhile, nate romanowski is on the hunt for the man who stole his falcons and attacked his wife. using a network of fellow falconers, nate tracks the man from one city to another. even as he grasps the true threat his quarry presents, nate swoops in for the kill?and a stunning final showdown. $16.99 righteous prey book 32 beloved heroes lucas davenport and virgil flowers are up against a powerful vigilante group with an eye on vengeance in a stunning new novel from #1 new york times-bestselling author john sandford. ?we?re going to murder people who need to be murdered.? so begins a press release from a mysterious group known only as ?the five,? shortly after a vicious predator is murdered in san francisco. the five is believed to be made up of vigilante killers who are very bored?and very rich. they target the worst of society?rapists, murderers, and thieves?and then use their unlimited resources to offset the damage done by those who they?ve killed, donating untraceable bitcoin to charities and victims via the dark net. the five soon become the most popular figures on social media, a modern-day batman?though their motives may not be entirely pure. after a woman is murdered in the twin cities, virgil flowers and lucas davenport are sent in to investigate. and they soon have their hands full--the killings are smart and carefully choreographed, and with no apparent direct connection to the victims, the five are virtually untraceable. but if anyone can destroy this group, it will be the dynamic team of davenport and flowers. $16.99 a relative murder book 4 even the closest families have secrets hidden away. bestselling novelist sara medlar is skilled at sharing stories about other people, but she hoped the truth about her own family would never surface. her home in lachlan, florida, is her refuge and she loves having her niece kate and dear friend jack wyatt together under her roof. the medlar three, as they are known around town, have sworn off getting involved in any more murder investigations. when the sheriff unexpectedly leaves on vacation, jack is surprised to find himself appointed as deputy. so when kate stumbles upon a dead body while visiting a friend, the medlar three are back in the sleuthing game. kate also has a charming new real estate client with a mysterious past. he seems to be followed by trouble and that makes sara and jack uneasy. it doesn?t take long to discover that the murder and the new man in town are somehow related?the question is how. when the stranger?s true identity is revealed, sara realizes her carefully crafted story is about to unravel and she fears she?ll lose kate and jack forever. but she desperately hopes that love and honesty will win out over years of lies and deceit. and besides, family is family?even if you sometimes want to kill them. a medlar mystery book 1: a willing murder book 2: a justified murder book 3: a forgotten murder book 4: a relative murder $16.99 false witness: a novel karin slaughter instant new york times bestseller "there's deception, sabotage, violence, family secrets . . . all the stuff you could want from a fictional page-turner."? theskimm recommended by washington post ? theskimm ? gma.com ? popsugar ? bustle ? atlanta journal-constitution ? augusta chronicle ? sun-sentinel ? mystery and suspense magazine ? and more! he saw what you did. he knows who you are? from the new york times bestselling author of pieces of her and the silent wife, an electrifying standalone thriller. an ordinary life? leigh collier has worked hard to build what looks like a normal life. she?s an up-and-coming defense attorney at a prestigious law firm in atlanta, would do anything for her sixteen-year-old daughter maddy, and is managing to successfully coparent through a pandemic after an amicable separation from her husband walter. hides a devastating past... but leigh?s ordinary life masks a childhood no one should have to endure ? a childhood tarnished by secrets, broken by betrayal, and ultimately destroyed by a brutal act of violence. but now the past is catching up? on a sunday night at her daughter?s school play, she gets a call from one of the firm's partners who wants leigh to come on board to defend a wealthy man accused of multiple counts of rape. though wary of the case, it becomes apparent she doesn't have much choice if she wants to keep her job. they're scheduled to go to trial in one week. when she meets the accused face-to-face, she realizes that it?s no coincidence that he?s specifically asked for her to represent him. she knows him. and he knows her. more to the point, he may know what happened over twenty years ago, and why leigh has spent two decades avoiding her past. and time is running out. suddenly she has a lot more to lose than this case. the only person who can help is her younger, estranged sister callie?the last person leigh would ever want to drag into this after all they?ve been through. but with the life-shattering truth in danger of being revealed, she has no choice... ?a high-stakes thriller . . . her heroines are believable, flawed and courageous.? ?oyinkan braithwaite $14.99 and then there were none agatha christie a pbs great american read top 100 pick one of the most famous and beloved mysteries from the queen of suspense, agatha christie! more than 100 million copies sold and now a lifetime tv movie. ten people, each with something to hide and something to fear, are invited to a isolated mansion on indian island by a host who, surprisingly, fails to appear. on the island they are cut off from everything but each other and the inescapable shadows of their own past lives. one by one, the guests share the darkest secrets of their wicked pasts. and one by one, they die? which among them is the killer and will any of them survive? $9.99 pre-order now, enjoy later see more in another world with my smartphone vol 25 a world-class magic train route has been constructed between belfast and regulus, so touya brings the whole family along on the inaugural ride! but while he enjoys his leisurely trip, things aren?t going so well for his wayward children, who remain scattered across the world. which one of them will make it to brunhild next? what will they bring back with them? will the wicked devout continue their vile machinations for much longer? and the most important, burning question on the minds of touya?s wives: will lu finally be able to bake a cake with zero calories?! it?s full steam ahead in this tale of swords, sorcery, and sorcerous swords! $8.73 righteous prey book 32 beloved heroes lucas davenport and virgil flowers are up against a powerful vigilante group with an eye on vengeance in a stunning new novel from #1 new york times-bestselling author john sandford. ?we?re going to murder people who need to be murdered.? so begins a press release from a mysterious group known only as ?the five,? shortly after a vicious predator is murdered in san francisco. the five is believed to be made up of vigilante killers who are very bored?and very rich. they target the worst of society?rapists, murderers, and thieves?and then use their unlimited resources to offset the damage done by those who they?ve killed, donating untraceable bitcoin to charities and victims via the dark net. the five soon become the most popular figures on social media, a modern-day batman?though their motives may not be entirely pure. after a woman is murdered in the twin cities, virgil flowers and lucas davenport are sent in to investigate. and they soon have their hands full--the killings are smart and carefully choreographed, and with no apparent direct connection to the victims, the five are virtually untraceable. but if anyone can destroy this group, it will be the dynamic team of davenport and flowers. $16.99 monster tamer vol 9 after learning the tragic story of a former savior in draconia, takahiro is determined to make a place in this world that will accept him and his servants. accompanied by his new servant lobivia, he and the rest of the group return to diospyro where they unexpectedly meet shiran?s aunt, who informs them of an impending crisis in a nearby reclamation village. spurred both by his newfound determination to make allies and by his genuine goodwill, takahiro volunteers to help. however, something strange seems to be going on with shiran... $8.73 forget being the villainess, i want to be an adventurer! vol 3 now that she?s engaged to the emperor of gal? and reunited with her beloved lou, serephione no longer needs to lie low in marsche. but she can?t let her guard down just yet?the heroine is still out there, and rumor has it she?s teamed up with the prince who attacked serephione before! serephione may have no choice but to face off once and for all against the heroine she?s tried her whole life to avoid...but is she capable of overcoming the heroine?s ability to seemingly bend the plot to her will? $8.73 lazy dungeon master vol 16 i?m keima masuda, the dungeon master, still chasing my dream to live a life without work. just as we settled that leona business, haku piled more work onto us... she wants us to destroy some artificial dungeon plant in the holy kingdom, but i just got back from daide and want to chill at home! what to do, then? ?i may have an idea that will neatly solve all of these problems. may i speak?? at toi's suggestion, who haku had forced onto me, i decided to go to the holy kingdom by possessing a monster's body. now i can work while still chilling in bed... wait, rokuko's coming with me?! this is volume 14 of my own kind of dungeon story! i guess this is one way of working from home?! $8.73 the investigator john sandford letty davenport, the brilliant and tenacious adopted daughter of lucas davenport, takes the investigative reins in the newest thriller from #1 bestselling author john sandford. ?sandford fans rejoice! davenport next generation has arrived and letty is exactly the kind of cool-eyed, smart-mouthed, lethally dangerous heroine we?ve been waiting for.? --lisa gardner, author of one step too far by age twenty-four, letty davenport has seen more action and uncovered more secrets than many law enforcement professionals. now a recent stanford grad with a master?s in economics, she?s restless and bored in a desk job for u.s. senator colles. letty?s ready to quit, but her skills have impressed colles, and he offers her a carrot: feet-on-the-ground investigative work, in conjunction with the department of homeland security. several oil companies in texas have reported thefts of crude, colles tells her. he isn?t so much concerned with the oil as he is with the money: who is selling the oil, and what are they doing with the profits? rumor has it that a fairly ugly militia group?led by a woman known only as lorelai?might be involved. colles wants to know if the money is going to them, and if so, what they?re planning. letty is partnered with a dhs investigator, john kaiser, and they head to texas. when the case quicky turns deadly, they know they?re on the track of something bigger. lorelai and her group have set in motion an explosive plan . . . and the clock is ticking down. $16.99 teenage mutant ninja turtles: the last ronin issue #5 the jaw-dropping finale to the biggest tmnt story ever is here! one final showdown between mutant and foot clan will determine the fate of nyc. will the ronin be able to find some measure of peace or is he fated to meet the same end as his brothers? don't miss one of the most epic battles in tmnt history and the conclusion to the comic book event of the year! $11.26$9.01 after the bite: an argeneau novel lynsay sands the argeneaus are back! new york times bestselling author lynsay sands returns with another sexy, passion-filled romance about everyone?s favorite vampires. immortal enforcer valerian just wants to relax. his last assignment had been more grueling than he?d care to admit, and golf has always helped him unwind. if golf course owner natalie thinks it?s a little odd for him to tee off at sunset every evening, she?s keeping it to herself. the single mom is sexy as hell, and her little daughter mia only adds to his delight. he knows natalie is wary of a relationship of any kind?what will she think when she discovers he?s an immortal? his best course of action is to woo her the old-fashioned way. but the course of true love never did run smooth?especially for a vampire and a mortal. and when danger stalks natalie, valerian realizes he?s playing a game of life and death and if he loses this round, he risks losing her forever. $6.99 ascendance of a bookworm vol 18 with the advancement ceremony and fellowship gatherings complete, rozemyne?s new year at the royal academy can properly begin. she goes on another library-inspired rampage and pushes the other ehrenfest second-years to finish their classes on the first day, all while hunting for new allies to recruit into her library committee. somehow, rozemyne manages to cause even more problems, and in quicker succession than the year before. she spends more time with the professors, the archduke candidates from top-ranking duchies, and even the sovereignty?s third prince, much to her guardians? displeasure. but as they agonize over interduchy diplomacy, rozemyne blazes ahead on her own path. she charges forward with unbending focus and even hunts a ternisbefallen feybeast that shows up in ehrenfest?s gathering spot! this is the newest volume of this biblio-fantasy wherein the book-obsessed protagonist can?t quite catch a break. includes two original short stories and four-panel manga by you shiina! $8.73 campfire cooking in another world with my absurd skill (manga) vol 7 the first stop on mukohda?s journey out of karelina with his familiars is krehl! when checking in at the adventurer?s guild, they?re asked to scope out a creepy forest filled with spiders and unknown danger, but maybe there?s something else lurking in there for them as well? and as usual, a new town means new specialties to shop for! then it?s off to dolan, the dungeon city, to meet the dragon-obsessed guildmaster and get a bit of exercise. $11.23 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
