https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/borrowing/borrowing-policies
borrowing policies | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library use the library borrowing borrowing policies use the library in this section borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies library cards library accounts faq alumni and external borrowers affiliated borrowers omni partners proxy borrower authorization laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies library cards library accounts faq alumni and external borrowers affiliated borrowers omni partners proxy borrower authorization laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account connect with your library borrowing policies loan periods undergraduate students general circulating collection: 120 days, provided there have been no recalls placed on the item(s). renewals: unlimited renewals, provided there have been no requests placed on the item(s). media and crc items: 14 days, unlimited renewals. course reserves: course reserve items are not renewable. if the item is still available 1hr after it has been returned, it can be signed out again. print serials: permission to circulate should be provided by a librarian. to renew your item online, login to your omni account and go to "my loans". item limit: undergraduate students have an item limit of 25 items at one time students are required to respond to any request notices issued by the library, or be subject to overdue fines. graduate students general circulating collection: 120 days, provided there have been no recalls placed on the item(s). renewals: unlimited renewals, provided there have been no requests placed on the item(s). media and crc items: 14 days, unlimited renewals. course reserves: course reserve items are not renewable. if the item is still available 1hr after it has been returned, it can be signed out again. print journals/serials: 3 bound serials volumes at a time. current (unbound) issues will not be lent out. 7-day loans. to renew your item online, login to your omni account and go to "my loans". item limit: graduate students have an item loan limit of 50 items at one time. all users are required to respond to any request notices issued by the library, or be subject to overdue fines. faculty, postdoctoral fellows, and staff general circulating collection: 120 days, provided there have been no recalls placed on the item(s). renewals: unlimited renewals, provided there have been no requests placed on the item(s). media and crc items: 14 days, unlimited renewals. course reserves: course reserve items are not renewable. if the item is still available 1hr after it has been returned, it can be signed out again. print journals/serials: 3 bound serials volumes at a time. current (unbound) issues will not be lent out. 7-day loans. to renew your item online, log in to your omni account and go to "my loans". item limit: faculty, postdoctoral fellows, and staff have an item loan limit of 50 items at one time. all users are required to respond to any request notices issued by the library or be subject to overdue fines. members: faculty, law faculty, staff, affiliated faculty. proxy borrower authorization: this service enables university of windsor faculty and staff members (the sponsor) to authorize a proxy/proxies to conduct library business on his/her behalf external borrowers library cards: external borrowers must contact the library to obtain a borrowing card. for information about obtaining a library card visit our library card page. default loan period: 120 days, provided there have been no recalls placed on the item(s). renewals: 1 renewal for 120 days, provided there have been no requests placed on the item(s). course reserves: course reserve items are not renewable. if the item is still available 1hr after it has been returned, it can be signed out again. print journals/serials: affiliated faculty only - 3 bound serials volumes at a time. current (unbound) issues will not be lent out. 7-day loans. cost: adult residents (18+) with photo-identification and proof of address from essex, lambton, and kent counties may purchase an external borrowers card. $ 20.00 for 4 months borrowing privileges $ 50.00 for 1 year borrowing privileges. to renew your item online, login to your omni account and go to "my loans". external borrowers have an item loan limit of 15 items at one time all users are required to respond to any request notices issued by the library, or be subject to overdue fines. members: alumni, community borrowers, high school students, affiliated borrowers. renewalsrenew my items library fines it is the responsibility of every borrower to return library materials by the due date, to respond to library notices, and to keep the library informed of a current address. a notice sent by the library to the address on file will be deemed to have been received by the borrower. the due date on the emailed receipt provided when you borrow items is the official due date. failure to do will result in overdue fines. non-payment of any account may result in the referral of an outstanding account to the university of windsor's department of finance for further measures. leddy library reserves the right to withhold or withdraw borrowing privileges at any time. material type fines/fees regular loans no fines will accrue on regular loans until an item changes to the lost status or unless an item is recalled. users will receive email warnings for both a change to lost status and item recalls. recall fines you will be notified by email if an item is recalled and your due date will be modified. if the item is not returned by the new due date you will be fined $4.00 a day up to $56.00. lost items patrons will be given 30 days to return materials that are overdue before it is declared lost. once an item is assigned a "lost" status due to non-return the following charges will be applied to a users account: $25 non-refundable administration charge $125 default replacement charge accounts with unresolved lost charges are sent to the cashiers office for collection. once submitted these charges can only be resolved at the cashiers office. course reserve items 2hr loans: $0.05 per minute ($3.00/hr) to a maximum of $50.00. course reserve items may not be renewed. if the item is still available 1hr after it has been returned, you can sign-out the item again. 1, 3 & 7 day loans $10.00 per day to a maximum of $50.00 serials/journals faculty members, postdoctoral fellows, graduate students, staff, and affiliated faculty may borrow up to three bound serials volumes at a time. current (unbound) issues will not be lent out. these items can be borrowed for 7 days. overdue fines are set at $1.00 per day to a maximum of $50 per item. this service is not available to undergraduate students. account blocks accounts will be blocked at the following fine levels: faculty, staff, ugrad, grad, elip, med student, alumni: $50 high school students, community borrowers: $10 afn users: $20 fines appeal process fines may be appealed, with good reason, to the following persons in the order given: access services coordinator head, access services (in writing only) associate university librarian / university librarian (in writing only) dean, student affairs (please contact the dean?s office for procedures) connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
