https://conta.cc/3J1aSrk
building access reminder return to campus life and community e-newsletter - february 4, 2022 february 4, 2022 building access reminder campus buildings where classes and labs take place are generally unlocked monday to friday from 8:00 a.m. until 5:00 p.m. student safety ambassadors are currently stationed at the following buildings: biology building centre for engineering innovation (cei) chrysler hall north chrysler hall south dillon hall education building essex hall human kinetics building lambton tower / erie hall odette school of business toldo health education centre please note: student ambassador schedules may change to accommodate building activity. entrance to other buildings with instructional spaces (ie. labs) is granted through uwincard access. the caw student centre, leddy library, st. denis centre have screeners present during regular hours and are not accessible when locked. buildings which house campus services (ie. chrysler hall tower) may also be accessible during hours of operation. after hours and weekend building access privileges remain in place for faculty, staff and student employees. the following buildings are only accessible to personnel with granted access: assumption university centre for automotive research and education (care) centre for english language development (celd) energy conversion centre (ecc) education gym great lakes institute for environmental research (glier) lebel building maintenance services psychological services and research centre (prsc) residence buildings windsor hall updates to this information will be posted on the campus procedures pages (student / faculty / staff / research) of the return to campus website. do you need a new uwincard? existing faculty, staff, and student uwincards are programmed to provide access to buildings monday to friday, from 7 a.m. until 9 p.m. for additional building access, faculty, staff and student employees must contact key control through an online form. it is important to include the 5-digit number from the back of your staff card in the ?request notes? section. if your uwincard does not have a 5-digit number, you will need to replace your card. the card can be requested online by uploading your photo or by scheduling an appointment through the uwincard webpage. if you have any questions about your uwincard, please visit the uwincard office webpage, email uwincard@uwindsor.ca or call: 519-253-3000, ext. 8946 (uwin) next week, show your go to win! the campusgo team will be looking for random participants from across campus next week. if you're selected and have campusgo installed on your smartphone, you'll be awarded a $5 tim horton's gift card! why should you use the campusgo wayfinding app? get lost easily? campusgo! "i have a class in the _______ building. where's that?" campusgo! visiting the downtown campus? campusgo! "where am i right now?" campusgo! with campusgo, accurate, convenient indoor and outdoor wayfinding of the uwindsor campus is at your fingertips. search the campus directory, building and room list and go! getting where you're going works just like gps navigation with turn-by-turn directions directly to your destination. find buildings, classrooms and on-campus services with campusgo! have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
