https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/351/cleaning-protocols
building and facilities protocols | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus building and facilities protocols building and facilities protocols the following protocols have been created to ensure that health and safety is the top priority while accessing uwindsor buildings and facilities. zone and flow analysis university buildings will undergo a zone and flow analysis, to ensure measures are taken to enable appropriate physical distancing and implement health and safety recommendations. the zone and flow analysis will be coordinated by facility services and health and safety, in consultation with the applicable faculty or department representatives, to determine the required measures to be implemented within work areas. the zone and flow analysis process is described below. zone analysis workspaces and assembly areas (zones) will be evaluated for maximum occupancy limits and physical distancing measures. consideration will be given to adjustments to the zones, such as: movement of individual workstations/furniture (desks, lab benches, cubicles, seating) to ensure they are a minimum of 2 metres (6 feet) apart geometric design (checkerboard pattern of workstations to eliminate face to face interactions, even if 2 metres apart). if movement of workstations/furniture cannot provide appropriate physical distancing, analyze other means such as; using every other workstation, relocation of workstations to other (unoccupied) areas; modification of work schedule (e.g. alternating days in the workspace, sanitization in between use) area closed off for use barriers to be installed where physical distancing cannot be maintained, such as front-line, transactional, and customer-service areas. where movement or modification of workstations/furniture cannot be implemented to maintain physical distancing, facility services will work with the health and safety office to determine the appropriate measures to be taken. the procurement of barriers or other zone-related control measures will be coordinated through facility services. washrooms washroom protocols and the maximum occupancy will be posted at the washroom entrance. smaller washrooms in which physical distancing cannot be maintained will be considered as single use. where possible, paper towels should be used upon exiting the washroom, and a garbage receptacle placed near the door for disposal of paper towels. air hand dryers will be taken out of service. elevators elevator protocols and maximum capacity will be posted. if the elevator allows for more than one occupant, floor markings will be placed to indicate the appropriate spacing, as well as on the floor in the waiting area to enter the elevator. individuals waiting to enter the elevator must allow the exiting person to pass by before proceeding onto the elevator. staircases staircases will be evaluated for physical distancing requirements and traffic flow patterns. staircases that do not allow for bi-directional flow will be designated as one-way traffic (up or down) and appropriate signage will be posted. in the event of an emergency, any exit stairwell may be used to leave the building, regardless of directional signage posted. classrooms as part of the zone and flow analysis, classrooms will be evaluated for physical distancing and maximum occupancy. adjustments will be made to seating to consider physical distancing and geometric design. floor decals will be placed in the corridor used to enter the classroom. other event / gathering spaces as part of the zone and flow analysis, event spaces will be evaluated for physical distancing and maximum occupancy. approved events must follow the provincial guidelines for physical distancing and maximum number of people. common areas (meeting rooms, kitchenettes, lunch & break rooms) common areas will be assessed as part of the zone analysis, to minimize the risk/spread of infection. considerations include: space closed for use (eliminate the risk) space modified to promote physical distancing (e.g. seating/furniture removed to maintain 2 m distance, geometric design [checkerboard pattern]) maximum capacity limits posted protocols for use of the space are posted (e.g. limit the number of individuals, post the maximum capacity, physical distancing, and cleaning/disinfection procedures for use, including shared equipment such as microwaves, fridges, cutlery, water coolers, etc.). flow analysis campus buildings will be evaluated to assess directional flow and traffic patterns. considerations will include: designated entrances and exits reduced/limited amount of approved entry points controlled access (fob) entry points to buildings and work spaces, where possible traffic flow directions/signage along foot paths, corridors, staircases, and main paths such as entrances and exits standardized signage is available for use in individual work spaces, common areas, and floor markings to indicate 2 metre spacing for anticipated queues accessible traffic pathways remain free of obstructions emergency egress from the work space / building will be evaluated. fire safety / emergency evacuation consideration will be given to fire safety and emergency evacuation during the zone and flow analysis: fire doors / separations should not be propped open, unless they automatically release and close upon a fire alarm emergency exits and means of egress must remain clear and free of obstructions emergency equipment (fire extinguishers, fire detection, pull stations) must remain clearly visible and not obstructed by signage or barriers. in the event of a fire alarm: proceed to the nearest exit, maintaining physical distancing of 2 metres from others, if possible wear a mask to exit the building, if readily available use any stairwell to exit the building, regardless of directional signage posted once outside, move to a safe area away from the building and maintain physical distancing from others, where possible. community protective equipment and personal protective equipment clothing or equipment such as masks are intended to reduce the spread of infection in the community, therefore, the university refers to these as community protective equipment (cpe). the use of cpe is another measure that can be used to help protect the university community. the use of cpe does not eliminate the need for physical distancing practices, hand hygiene, or proper respiratory etiquette. it is required that eye protection such as a face shield, safety glasses, goggles or equivalent, as well as a 3-ply medical mask be worn in settings where a greater risk of transmission is present. using the hierarchy of controls model as listed above, engineering and administrative control measures for covid-19 must be first considered before using cpe or personal protective equipment (ppe). health care providers on campus will follow the appropriate practices as directed by the ontario ministry of health for healthcare settings. workers are to follow university cpe/ppe requirements as necessary, including the information and instruction provided on proper use, storage, care, and disposal. as recommended by the government of canada, a mask or face covering can be homemade or purchased, and should: be 3-ply medical mask or 2 layers of a tightly woven material fabric, such as cotton or linen + filter ?? the third (middle) layer should be a filter-type fabric, such as non-woven polypropylene fabric be large enough to completely and comfortably cover the nose, mouth and chin without gaping allow for easy breathing fit securely to the head with ties or ear loops be comfortable and not require frequent adjustments be changed as soon as possible if damp or dirty maintain its shape after washing and drying for more information on the use of masks, please visit: government of canada: about non-medical masks government of ontario: face coverings and face masks university of windsor mask policy the procurement of university-issued cpe and ppe will be coordinated centrally and made available through the chemical control centre. the university will provide workers with cpe and ppe as required. health and safety can be contacted for guidance on appropriate ppe requirements. ppe order form ccc stock item order form cleaning protocols the university?s facility services operations group has established a covid-19 custodial services action plan to implement cleaning protocols as recommended by health authorities. high-contact touch points and classrooms the university has adjusted its cleaning protocols to focus on the cleaning and disinfecting of high contact touch points, including: classrooms, classroom equipment, door handles, elevator buttons, hand rails, washroom faucets, water fountains, garbage receptacles, etc. these common high-touch contact points will be cleaned a minimum of twice daily by facility services, custodial staff. work spaces staff and faculty are responsible to clean their own equipment including workstations, keyboards, phones, office equipment, lab equipment, and other shared equipment. protocols must be implemented by supervisors for the cleaning of tools, equipment, and vehicles between users. supervisors can purchase cleaning and disinfecting products through facility services at repair@uwindsor.ca or ext. 2850. order form and prices here. cleaning products must be stored and labelled properly, with safety data sheets readily available to users. hand sanitizer hand sanitizer is available in wall-mounted dispensers throughout university buildings, in common areas such as main entrances and exits, elevator areas, etc. these dispensers are maintained by facility services. supervisors are responsible to provide hand sanitizer to front-line reception/service areas, or areas where handwashing facilities are not readily available, for hand hygiene between service interactions. supervisors can purchase hand sanitizer by contacting facility services at repair@uwindsor.ca or ext. 2850. for guidelines for the shared use of vehicles and mobile equipment, or click on the thumbnail below to download the pdf. for an overview of uwindsor's guidelines for the shared use of printers, photocopiers and fax machines, or click on the thumbnail below to download the pdf. for cleaning protocol for laboratories, or click on the thumbnail below. cleaning protocols upon a confirmed covid-19 case at the university in the event of a confirmed covid-19 case within a university building or space: facility services will close and secure the area to be cleaned and disinfected. signage will be posted to indicate the area is closed for cleaning. the area will be cleaned and disinfected in accordance with public health guidelines/procedures. here is an overview of uwindsor's custodial services action plan for re-opening the campus, or click the thumbnail below to download the pdf. protocols must be implemented by supervisors for the cleaning of tools, equipment, and vehicles between users. here is an overview of uwindsor's employee cleaning protocol for covid-19, or click the thumbnail below to download the pdf. hvac and water the university?s facility services operations group has established a covid-19 hvac safety plan to implement ventilation recommendations by governing agencies and public health authorities. here's an overview of uwindsor's covid-19 ventilation strategy (updated january 24, 2022), or click the thumbnail below to download the pdf. here's an overview of uwindsor's water safety action plan for covid-19, or click the thumbnail below to download the pdf. safety signage the signage list below provides self-serve options and printable pdfs. larger laminated versions, decals, missing or damaged signage replacement or inquiries can be submitted to facilities here: repair@uwindsor.ca. visit the resources documents page for health & safety documents, checklists and information sheets. approved signage letter (8.5x11) recommended usage responsibility for posting building entrance for general public public access building doors facilities department managers & supervisors building entrance for general public (after may 1, 2022) public access building doors facilities department managers & supervisors building entrance for general public (after may 1, 2022) public access building doors facilities department managers & supervisors face coverings (masks) must be worn before entering where needed facilities masks must be worn at all times in this space. where needed facilities one rider per car limit outside elevator doors, every floor facilities where zone and flow analysis have been completed elevator occupancy: one person allowed in elevator at a time outside elevator doors, every floor facilities elevator occupancy: two people allowed in elevator at a time outside elevator doors, every floor facilities elevator occupancy: three people allowed in elevator at a time outside elevator doors, every floor facilities washroom safety practices exterior of main door to washroom facilities facilities department managers & supervisors washroom occupancy: one person allowed in washroom at a time exterior of main door to washroom facilities facilities washroom occupancy: two people allowed in washroom at a time exterior of main door to washroom facilities facilities washroom occupancy: three people allowed in washroom at a time exterior of main door to washroom facilities facilities please stay 6 feet (2 metres) apart where needed department managers & supervisors occupancy in this room is limited to a capacity that allows for a minimum of 2 metres distance between occupants where needed department managers & supervisors please stay 6 feet (2 metres) apart / keep to the right where needed department managers & supervisors please stay 6 feet (2 metres) apart / one-way traffic where needed department managers & supervisors while waiting for elevator stay 6 feet (2 metres) apart outside elevator doors, every floor facilities please wait here outside elevator doors, every floor facilities exit only where needed facilities enter only where needed facilities enter only / accessible exit entrances that also serve as accessible exit facilities up only staircase hallway to provide guidance on flow of traffic facilities where zone and flow analysis have been completed down only staircase hallway to provide guidance on flow of traffic facilities two-way staircase hallway to provide guidance on flow of traffic facilities this lounge is closed where needed department managers & supervisors do not use this equipment where needed department managers & supervisors ramp use: one person at a time where needed facilities thank you for physical distancing where needed department managers & supervisors wipe down equipment before and after use where needed department managers & supervisors regularly clean items, surfaces where needed department managers & supervisors wash your hands often hand washing facilities with sinks including washrooms, lunchrooms, etc. facilities ? where zone and flow analysis has been completed knock first before exiting or entering where needed facilities no entry where needed facilities no eating or drinking where needed department managers & supervisors leave a space classrooms and lab spaces facilities room occupancy: 1 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 2 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 3 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 4 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 5 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 6 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 7 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 8 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 9 outside of specific room facilities room occupancy: 10 outside of specific room facilities additional signage print size recommended usage responsibility for posting handwashing health and safety bulletin legal, self-serve proper hand washing technique, tips to stop the spread of germs facilities non-medical face mask health and safety bulletin legal, self-serve where needed facilities cold & flu prevention letter, self-serve where needed facilities social distancing health and safety bulletin legal, self-serve where needed facilities safe removal of latex gloves letter, self-serve laminated from print shop where needed facilities share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
