https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-06-07/buoys-provide-real-time-data-drivers-erie-algal-blooms
buoys to provide real-time data on drivers of erie algal blooms | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews scientists deploy real-time monitoring equipment in lake erie to establish drivers of algal blooms. from left: kent baker, jill crossman, danna palladino. photo by fabio massimo pasquazzi. buoys to provide real-time data on drivers of erie algal blooms jun 10th, 2019 a resurgence of harmful algal blooms in the lake erie watershed has raised concerns over toxicity and low dissolved oxygen levels and their negative impacts on fish and drinking water. uwindsor researcher jill crossman, assistant professor of quantitative hydrology at the great lakes institute for environmental research, has established four buoys in lake erie to quantify nutrients levels in real time. these buoys report nutrient levels by cellular network to computers and cellphones, a first for the great lakes. the project is a central component of ?eriewatch,? dr. crossman?s new research program aimed at understanding drivers of algal blooms in lake erie and its tributaries. the instruments and technical support were provided by the university of windsor?s recently funded $17 million realtime aquatic ecosystem observation network (raeon), and the uwindsor office of research and innovation. this work also received support from us partners, including the national oceanic and atmospheric administration?s great lakes environmental research laboratory, the co-operative institute for great lakes research at the university of michigan, engineering and science firm limnotech, and systea, the manufacturers of the real-time nutrient sensors. raeon science director aaron fisk says this is the network?s first significant deployment of equipment. ?dr. crossman?s buoys are equipped with state-of-the-art real-time phosphorous analyzers providing novel resolution necessary for understanding and ultimately controlling increasing harmful algal blooms in the great lakes basin,? says dr. fisk. ?this work would not have been possible without raeon instruments and technical support. ?we are putting federal and provincial funding to work to solve real-world environmental problems.? the buoys are currently based at sturgeon creek in leamington and in the shoreline of pigeon bay in lake erie and will remain there until about early november. each year they will be moved to a different tributary to collect and build the most comprehensive dataset of nutrients in the great lakes. algal blooms were a concern in the lake erie watershed back in the 1970s, when reduction of phosphorous loads successfully reduced their occurrence. there has since been a resurgence in algal blooms in lake erie ? and now, many other areas of the great lakes. these blooms have led to drinking water advisories in communities across lake erie. ?these blooms have a higher dominance of toxic algae and are a concern for wildlife and human health,? says crossman. ?while phosphorous is a key concern, the buoys will also monitor for additional factors that may be influencing the algal blooms, including light, temperature, surface current, and other nutrients such as nitrogen.? these buoys and instruments, along with additional raeon equipment to be deployed in the coming years, are a game changer in protecting the great lakes. ?the goal is to determine what influences these algal blooms,? says crossman. ?knowing this will help us develop effective management strategies.? ?darko milenkovic jill crossman aaron fisk great lakes institute for environmental research strategic priority: engage in community partnerships pursue strengths in research and graduate education academic area: research science biology chemistry & biochemistry earth & environmental sciences share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
