https://www.uwindsor.ca/education/uwindsor.ca/education/AQCallforCourseDevelopers
call for aq course developer | faculty of education skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of education faculty of education in this section pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries uwindsor home faculty of education call for aq course developer call for aq course developer call for aq course developer (anti-black racism to change pedagogy and practice) the faculty of education at the university of windsor would like to invite you to participate in our call for aq course writers. we are currently seeking qualified writers to assist the development of the newly created schedule d courses: addressing anti-black racism to change pedagogy and practice. 1. schedule d ? aq addressing anti-black racism to change pedagogy and practice, part 1 2. schedule d ? aq addressing anti-black racism to change pedagogy and practice, part 2 3. schedule d ? aq addressing anti-black racism to change pedagogy and practice, specialist qualifications: certificate of qualification an acceptable university degree self-identifies as black demonstrated understanding and respect for black culture, including an understanding of black people?s histories, and experiences evidence, and recurring success defining anti-black racism strategies and initiatives in an educational setting along with a fundamental understanding of current issues and challenges facing individuals from equity seeking communities teaching experience in the k-12 setting application submission - you must submit all documents/answers in one sitting therefore you may wish to save your answers in a different format. you can upload a cover letter, resume and other relevant documentation to the application. the last day to submit an application is tuesday, march 29, 2022. if you have any questions regarding the application process please email aq@uwindsor.ca with subject line: aq course developer application. application information preference will be given to those who have additional certification in dei training. if you have developed aq/abq courses in the past, please include this information in your application. the successful applicants will be contacted shortly after the deadline. thank you in advance for your interest. if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. share tweet save important links associate teacher resources career news for teacher candidates ontario ministry of education curriculum teaching resources why uwindsor? service learning for b.ed. students beginning time teachings leadership experience for academic direction mile urban education reciprocal learning program vulnerability, marginalization, and education alumni assumption teacher honoured by university of chicago award to recognize grad for 35 years as an educator uwindsor grad awarded prime minister?s award for teaching excellence experiencing the overseas classroom teaching abroad teaching under the northern lights education outside the classroom teach for canada - one student's experience share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
