https://uwsa.ca/uwsa-services/campus-food-pantry/
campus food pantry - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union home ? services ? campus food pantry campus food pantry hungry for more than knowledge? the uwsa food pantry is open to all students with valid uwindsor id and we welcome you to check us out. located in room 233 of the caw (next to the uwsa main office) the food pantry seeks to take a bite out of food security concerns with food aid assistance. tuition is rising, costs keep mounting and you shouldn?t have to choose between food, rent, or textbooks. the food pantry seeks to empower, aid, and build a culture that it is okay to receive assistance when needed. we are always looking for new people who want to get involved in the food movement, so join us, we will welcome you to the table to build a movement for good food for all. click here to access the food pantry appointment booking page campus food pantry contact info madison west (she/her) caw student centre 2nd floor, rm. 233 401 sunset ave windsor, on, n9b 3p4 519-253-3000 ext. 3504 foodpantry@uwindsor.ca hours of operation monday to thursday 11am ? 3pm friday and weekends closed in the right place and time after hearing an infant?s first cry, a pair of white wings from the bed of clouds would fall from the skies.everyone had a guardian angel. their kind stood bright, cherubic, and rosy-cheeked. their strong wings stretched for miles and shielded their wards from harm, with the promise of protection said on musical tongues that any child would believe. the only exception was that their assigned guardian angel would be the only one they could see. read more poems way back i can?t answer these scars, speaking out loud and messing my mind? read more uwsa postpones lancerpalooza evening events hey lancers, we?ve seen the incredible demand for the uwsa welcome week ?lancerpalooza? evening events and we know students are read more in the news be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
