https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/campus-priorities
campus priorities | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support uwindsor support uwindsor priorities welcome donate now priorities student priorities campus priorities community priorities impact priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities student priorities campus priorities community priorities impact priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor priorities campus priorities campus priorities in its classrooms, laboratories and libraries, a university campus impacts the learning experiences of students ? and the ability of researchers to make the next discovery. the university of windsor acknowledges how important a sense of place is to anyone who visits, works, or studies here. it is critical that we provide an environment of collaboration, creativity, and interdisciplinary activities, both on campus and within our community. the university is now undergoing a major campus revitalization that integrates historical elements with new, bold designs. we are improving learning and research with facilities and equipment such as: ? new classrooms that blend lecture, lab and group learning in one dynamic space. ? bright, open spaces that integrate the best of modern design, heritage features and green technologies to create a campus that is welcoming, comfortable, and environmentally responsible. these improvements, both large and small, will provide a foundation for the future of investigation and innovation in an environment that is friendly, green, and visually inviting. donate now share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
