http://www.uwindsor.ca/campusservices/
campus services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students campus services in this section welcome campus bookstore campus parking food services catering services conference services university print shop uwincard office contact welcome campus bookstore campus parking food services catering services conference services university print shop uwincard office contact uwindsor home campus services welcome to campus services welcome to campus services campus services provides valuable, supportive and integrated services to enhance the campus experience of our students and create a vibrant university community. for more detailed information on each of these services, please select the department name below. uwin bookstore & food plan purchase the ultimate in convenience with the uwin bookstore & food plan for only $695.00. the uwin plan gives you $500 for purchases at the campus bookstore and $195 for use at any food location on campus, including our franchise partners. when you purchase the uwin bookstore & food plan, you will be rewarded with a 10% bonus ($50), added to your bookstore plan. if you run out of uwin bookstore dollars, you can add money in increments of $100; you will continue to be rewarded with a 10% bonus added to your bookstore plan. your uwin bookstore & food plan does not expire while you are a student at the university; any money not spent by the end of the year will automatically carry over to the next year. in addition to the convenience and savings you get with the uwin bookstore & food plan, you will be eligible for "plan member" special offers and sales throughout the year, with discounts on clothing and general merchandise at the campus bookstore. where to purchase: visit the uwincard office to pay for and activate your uwin bookstore & food plan (lower level, caw student centre) how to pay: cash, debit, visa, mastercard or amex campus bookstore campus parking food services catering services conference services university print shop uwincard office share tweet save contact campus services campus services dave mcewen, acting executive director (519) 253-3000, ext. 4400 dave.mcewen@uwindsor.ca campus bookstore tracy huff, operations coordinator (519) 253-3000, ext. 3218 huffts@uwindsor.ca catering and conference services ligia arias, manager (519) 253-3000, ext. 3273 ligia.arias@uwindsor.ca catering and conference services mark lafleur, manager (519) 253-3000, ext. 4517 mlafleur@uwindsor.ca food, catering & conference services dave mcewen, department head (519) 253-3000, ext. 7016 davem@uwindsor.ca campus parking laurie butler-grondin, administrator (519) 253-3000, ext. 2411 laurie@uwindsor.ca uwincard (student card) office richard routley, senior coordinator (519) 253-3000, ext. 8946 ritch.routley@uwindsor.ca share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
