https://future.uwindsor.ca/campus-tours?elqTrackId=fc184debd89043109f02ed0f97c5bd2f&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=1503
campus tours - face to face campus tours - uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students face to face campus tours book a tour more about tours connect virtually tours plus march break 2022 sign-up now have a day off high school coming up? come for a campus tour! get a $25 gift card for lancer gear or food on campus coming from outside windsor-essex? get a $25 gas card to help with travel expenses space is limited, fall 2022 undergraduate applicants will get priority sign-up now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close join us for tours plus march break 2022 have a day off high school coming up? come for a campus tour! get some lancer gear or refreshments, on us! join a campus tour to learn more about uwindsor and get a $25 gift card to start your collection of lancer gear or grab something to eat at starbucks or whamburger. campus tour options campus tours - wednesday to saturday fahss march break experience: here's your opportunity to shadow classes during your march break from march 14th - march 17th. with 28 courses to choose from and over 40 time slots, we hope you can get a taste of what class can be like. nursing faculty tour - monday, march 14th, 10am - 3pm space is limited fall 2022 undergraduate applicants will get priority. sign-up now didn?t find a spot for you? no worries! join our waiting list. coming from outside windsor-essex? are you an applicant for fall 2022 and coming from outside windsor-essex? let us help with your travel costs! sign-up now covid-19 health & safety alert the health and safety of our community is a top priority. given that the windsor-essex region moves into the red zone of the provincial covid-19 framework, effective november 30th we will halt in-person services. we are still here for you ? virtually! the recruitment team offers many ways to connect. please connect with us, using the option that suits you best at the link below. we look forward to introducing ourselves virtually, and showing you why we are windsor proud! when it is safe to do so, we look forward to welcoming you to campus! connect virtually welcome future lancers! can't make it to campus? no problem - there are many ways to get to know us virtually! the health and safety of our community and guests is the top priority and at the heart of our planning. we are absolutely committed to following the direction of government and public health agencies. we are so excited to welcome you back to our campus in-person. stay safe future lancers, and please check out our many virtual engagement options, including: take a virtual tour connect with uwindsor online ask.uwindsor.ca book a recruitment advising appointment recruitment officers are available for one-on-one virtual coffee appointments. get answers to any questions you have about becoming a lancer. book a coffee chat you can also connect virtually if you would prefer to visit us virtually, there are many ways to connect with us online - find the option that suits you best! connect virtually all guests must register in advance all guests must register in advance for their tour (providing a minimum of 48 hours notice) and each timeslot will allow a maximum of 10 visitors. registered tour participants may bring 1 guest ? unfortunately, walk-ins will not be permitted. all guests must wear a mask, pass safety screening and be vaccinated all visitors will be required to wear a non-medical mask while on campus, and must show successful completion of a ?green? badge from the safe lancer app covid 19 self-assessment tool (apple store download here, google play download here), or complete a printable version of the questionnaire upon arrival. effective october 7th, 2021,all students, faculty, staff and visitors coming onto campus must be fully vaccinated. please complete the vaccine attestation form for yourself and your guest before you arrive on campus. each attendee will need to complete this form separately and can be found here! to complete the attestation form, follow these steps: what is your primary association with the university of windsor? select ?visitor? how frequently will you visit the university campus during fall semester? select ?infrequently? enter personal information input your vaccination information add the code you receive upon completion to the safe lancer app once you have completed the form you will receive a code to enter into the safe lancer app. visitors who are fully vaccinated that do not have the technology to complete the vaccine attestation form or those who do not wish to upload their vaccination records into our database can have their proof of id and vaccination records validated by one of our health & safety staff and receive a uwindsor proof of vaccination card. this card can be repeatedly used, however, successful completion of a ?green? badge from the safe lancer app covid 19 self-assessment tool will be required upon each individual visit to campus. to receive a uwindsor proof of vaccination card, visit us on campus: katzman lounge - vanier hall monday - friday walk-in 8:00am - 11:00am appointments - call (519) 253-3000 ext. 4549/4548 from 1:00pm - 4:00pm your campus experience once you arrive on campus, you?ll be taken on atour route by a student ambassador, showing the highlights of our riverside campus.at this time we have indoor building access for our student centre, human kinetics, engineering, business and library facilities.following your tour, you'll have an opportunity to connect with one of our recruitment specialists, should you have any remaining questions. please note that tours on saturday's will not offer access to any facilities or advising from our recruitment specialists. tour times tours are offered at 10:30 am & 2:30 pm wednesday through friday, and most saturdays at 1:00 pm. after booking your tour after booking your tour you will receive communications with full details on what to expect through email. the university of windsor is now smoke-free as of september 1, 2021. becoming a smoke-free campus (tobacco, cannabis and vaping) is part of the university?s ongoing efforts to foster a healthy and safe learning and working environment for all. more information and resources can be found at uwindsor.ca/smokefreecampus book a tour now connect virtually safe lancer app covid 19 self-assessment tool - apple store download here safe lancer app covid 19 self-assessment tool - google play download here uwindsor's self assessment questionnaire page let's connect recruitment events access open houses and major events join faculty, staff and student lancers at our university events to learn about all aspects of your lancer experience and discover what makes us windsor proud! list of events spring open house saturday, march 5th 9am - 4pm et spring open house has passed, but you can still login to view recordings from event day to learn more about programs, awards, financial aid, student support, and academic advising! why uwindsor webinar tuesday?s @ 11:30am why uwindsor webinar thursday?s @ 7:00pm access recordings experience your programs learn more about your uwindsor programs join information sessions, shadow options and discussions with students, professors and staff to learn how your uwindsor academic experience will set you apart. nursing events there are no nursing events at this time science events destination science webinar series biomedical science chemistry, biochemistry and physics biological sciences, neuroscience, environmental studies, and environmental science forensic science and general science mathematics and statistics computer science business and economics kinesiology events there are no kinesiology events at this time fahss events there are no fahss events at this time business events odette info night meet fellow students, faculty, and staff virtually, and take part in exciting presentations that will help you transition to odette life. representatives from the undergraduate program, master of business administration program (full-time, managers and professionals and professional accounting specialization) and the master of management program will all be in attendance. learn how to start your odette pathway! odette info night thursday, march 31st @ 6:30 pm et engineering events there are no engineering events at this time education events there are no education events at this time access recordings you @ uwindsor interactive events with the uwindsor team join information sessions and discussions to learn about all aspects of your lancer journey. meet our communities, learn about scholarships and bursaries, leadership and research opportunities, living on campus and your next steps in becoming a lancer. future students and their guests are welcome to join us for a weekly virtual presentations designed to inform and inspire. tuesday?s @ 11:30am thursday?s @ 7:00pm virtual webinars moving to windsor? discover windsor-essex! - webinar recording residence at uwindsor - webinar recording student leadership & getting involved - webinar recording next steps on your lancer journey - webinar recording what is an alternate offer? - webinar recording applying for scholarships at uwindsor - webinar recording transfer to uwindsor - webinar recording the ultimate guide to financing your education - webinar recording applying to university - webinar recording access recordings international students access for international students events you have unique needs and concerns ? let us show you why so many students from around the world are becoming windsor proud. international students events moving to windsor? discover windsor-essex - webinar recording preparing for uwindsor - webinar 1 recording experiential learning for international students - webinar recording english language improvement events elip for undergraduate & graduate students: elip webinar for undergraduate & graduate students: wednesday april 13, 2022, 9:00 - 9:30am (est) elip webinar for undergraduate & graduate students: friday, may 27, 2022, 9:00 - 9:30am (est) elip webinar for undergraduate & graduate students: thursday, june 23, 2022, 9:00 - 9:30am (est) elip webinar for undergraduate & graduate students: tuesday, july 19, 2022, 9:00 - 9:30am (est) elip webinar for undergraduate & graduate students: friday, august 19, 2022, 9:00 - 9:30am (est) elip sampler elip sampler: wednesday, april 20, 2022 @ 12:00pm (est) elip sampler: wednesday, may 18, 2022 @ 1:00pm (est) access recordings campus tours join us for a campus tour! virtual tours are available around the clock, wherever you are, and with new health & safety measures in place, we?re welcoming you back to our campus! check out the highlights of our riverside campus online, or in-person. virtual tours take virtual campus tour now! live student-led tours join our student ambassadors as they guide you virtually through our beautiful riverside campus. at the end of each tour, participate in the live q & a session to learn more about the lancer student experience! live student-led tour: mondays @ 10:00am live student-led tour: wednesdays @ 9:00am live student-led tour: thursdays @ 3:30pm live student-led tour: fridays @ 3:30pm book an in-person tour learn more about in-person tours! tours plus: expanded campus experience march break is coming up, spend it with us! join a campus tour to learn more about uwindsor and get a $25 gift card to start your collection of lancer gear or grab something to eat. if you?re coming from outside of windsor-essex a $25 gas card will be provided. space is limited. sign up now! access recordings connect with a recruiter book your appointment today! do you have questions about your application, program, or offer of admission? are you wondering how to apply for awards or residence? do you want to learn more about your next steps? our team is ready to help live, virtually or in-person! domestic students click here to book an appointment international students click here to book an appointment connect on social uwindsor instagram uwindsor youtube uwindsor twitter uwindsor facebook questions? need help? ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base live chat: have your questions answered by a student ambassador studentrecruitment@uwindsor.ca meet uwindsor's student recruitment team sheri lowrie faculty of arts, humanities & social sciences, business, law and education sherio@uwindsor.ca book an appointment simon du toit human kinetics, nursing, science and engineering sdutoit@uwindsor.ca book an appointment giselle aiabens indigenous enrolment advisor giselle.aiabens@uwindsor.ca nadia stephaniuk student recruitment officer nadia.stephaniuk@uwindsor.ca book an appointment kennedy wonnacott digital recruitment ambassador kennedy.wonnacott@uwindsor.ca nina korac digital recruitment ambassador nina.m.korac@uwindsor.ca ashley quinton student ambassador coordinator a.quinton@uwindsor.ca deena wang manager, international recruitment and partnership deenaw@uwindsor.ca book an appointment beth natale director, student recruitment office of enrolment management bnatale@uwindsor.ca close apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
