http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mapsted.campusgo
campusgo - apps on google play sign in hidden fields search apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide categories art & design augmented reality auto & vehicles beauty books & reference business comics communication dating daydream education entertainment events finance food & drink health & fitness house & home libraries & demo lifestyle maps & navigation medical music & audio news & magazines parenting personalization photography productivity shopping social sports tools travel & local video players & editors watch apps watch faces weather games action adventure arcade board card casino casual educational music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word kids ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 home top charts new releases campusgo mapstedmaps & navigation everyone 6 add to wishlist install campusgo is a free campus app that give you accurate, hassle-free indoor and outdoor wayfinding, a campus directory that fits in the palm of your hand, and a news feed curated just for you so you can find class updates when and where you need them, making it your perfect campus experience app. effortless indoor wayfinding - turn-by-turn blue dot navigation - advanced accessibility - optimized routes campusgo helps you easily find where you are on campus with precise indoor wayfinding. use this free campus navigation app to find the best routes to events and classes, with accurate in-app indoor navigation that takes the stress out of school and gives you customized turn-by-turn directions to the buildings and classrooms you need to visit. campusgo features highly precise 1-3 metre indoor navigation that lets you know exactly where you are and leads you right to your destination, making it one of the best apps on campus for wayfinding. advanced accessibility options feature speech-to-text search, nearby environmental alerts, and voice navigation. it works seamlessly on large campuses with multiple buildings, so you never have to worry about being lost on campus again. interactive campus directory - intelligent search - search by name, category, or keyword - intuitive type and spelling error handling campusgo?s smart suggestive search feature makes it easy for you to find the classrooms, events, and services that you?re looking for. more than just a great campus navigation app, you can use campusgo?s interactive directory to find dining options in the food court, discover which events are happening around campus, and choose the best way to navigate your way there for an effortless all-in-one campus experience app. you can also browse by category or name to discover the events you might be interested in and explore the campus in a brand new way with one of the best campus apps available today. personalized news feed - nearby event notifications - timely and relevant information campusgo will quickly become your favourite campus app. get access to real-time class updates or event schedules curated just for you, right when you need them, with our personalized news feed. this all-in-one campus app will help you find the locations you?re looking for and navigate you right to them. campusgo is one of the best campus apps for all your university of windsor campus needs. with precise indoor wayfinding that takes you right to the classroom or event you?re looking for, an interactive uow campus directory that helps you find everything you need, and real-time updates delivered right to your phone exactly when you need them, you?ll never want to be on campus without campusgo again. to learn more, visit https://mapsted.com/en-ca read more collapse reviewsreview policy and info 3.4 6 total 5 4 3 2 1 loading? what's new - multiple bug fixes and improvements read more collapse additional information updated february 24, 2022 size 77m installs 500+ current version 922_4.5.14 requires android 7.0 and up content rating everyone learn more permissions view details report flag as inappropriate offered by mapsted developer visit website info@mapsted.com privacy policy similar see more properly properly inc turnover app for hosts to schedule cleanings, make checklists and find cleaners. more by mapsted see more st. clair health - wayfinding mapsted navigate throughout bower hill campus including buildings and parking garages. mall mapp : smart all-in-one shopping app mapsted mall mapp is the best free shopping app to help you find exclusive deals. mapsted sandbox mapsted sign in to test out mapsted's indoor positioning technology in your venue! mapsted calibration mapsted calibrate your venue for mapsted?s indoor positioning technology ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
