http://apps.apple.com/ca/app/campusgo/id1505775827
?campusgo on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com/ca cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview campusgo 4+ smart all-in-one campus app mapsted 4.0 ? 7 ratings free iphone screenshots description campusgo is a free campus app that give you accurate, hassle-free indoor and outdoor wayfinding, a campus directory that fits in the palm of your hand, and a news feed curated just for you so you can find class updates when and where you need them, making it your perfect campus experience app. effortless indoor wayfinding - turn-by-turn blue dot navigation - advanced accessibility - optimized routes campusgo helps you easily find where you are on campus with precise indoor wayfinding. use this free campus navigation app to find the best routes to events and classes, with accurate in-app indoor navigation that takes the stress out of school and gives you customized turn-by-turn directions to the buildings and classrooms you need to visit. campusgo features highly precise 1-3 metre indoor navigation that lets you know exactly where you are and leads you right to your destination, making it one of the best apps on campus for wayfinding. advanced accessibility options feature speech-to-text search, nearby environmental alerts, and voice navigation. it works seamlessly on large campuses with multiple buildings, so you never have to worry about being lost on campus again. interactive campus directory - intelligent search - search by name, category, or keyword -intuitive type and spelling error handling campusgo?s smart suggestive search feature makes it easy for you to find the classrooms, events, and services that you?re looking for. more than just a great campus navigation app, you can use campusgo?s interactive directory to find dining options in the food court, discover which events are happening around campus, and choose the best way to navigate your way there for an effortless all-in-one campus experience app. you can also browse by category or name to discover the events you might be interested in and explore the campus in a brand new way with one of the best campus apps available today. personalized news feed - nearby event notifications - timely and relevant information campusgo will quickly become your favourite campus app. get access to real-time class updates or event schedules curated just for you, right when you need them, with our personalized news feed. this all-in-one campus app will help you find the locations you?re looking for and navigate you right to them. campusgo is one of the best campus apps for all your university of windsor campus needs. with precise indoor wayfinding that takes you right to the classroom or event you?re looking for, an interactive uow campus directory that helps you find everything you need, and real-time updates delivered right to your phone exactly when you need them, you?ll never want to be on campus without campusgo again. what?s new mar 19, 2022 version 1.1.3 we?re continuously working to elevate this app to offer you a better experience with each update. this version includes: - bug fixes, stability improvements, and performance enhancements. love this update? your feedback helps us improve. please send your comments to marketing@mapsted.com ratings and reviews 4.0 out of 5 7 ratings 7 ratings akn app , 2022-02-09 awesome app really helpful especially during winter when i don?t want to be outside looking for my class! mahdi_ab , 2022-02-04 crash it crash when start to load a building app privacy the developer, mapsted, indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer's privacy policy. data not linked to you the following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: location search history identifiers usage data privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller mapsted corp. size 149.5 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 14.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 14.0 or later. languages english, arabic, french, portuguese age rating 4+ copyright ? copyright 2022. - mapsted price free developer website app support privacy policy developer website app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer mall mapp smart shopping app shopping mapsted sandbox navigation st. clair health navigation you might also like safe lancer education fosterway education nimbus education uwin fahss education electrical practice exam 2018 education g1 driving test ontario 2022 education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. canada (english) fran?ais copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy use of cookies terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
