https://uwsa.ca/services/pride/
campus pride centre - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union home ? services ? campus pride centre everyone is welcome the campus pride centre provides a positive environment for lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans, queer, questioning, two-spirited, intersex, pansexual and asexual individuals and their allies on the university of windsor campus. the campus pride centre holds a variety of events during the year. there are also events for national and international celebrations of queer identities such as: national coming out day, transgender day of remembrance, international women?s day, world aids day, and more. the campus pride centre is a space where we value? diversity all people are equally valuable all identities and orientations are equally valid each person has the right to self-identify all people have the right to respect, equitable treatment, and freedom from discrimination and oppression of all kinds (i.e. sexism, racism, ableism, islamophobia, etc.) safety we aim to create a space where people feel free to be their true selves without fear of judgement a space which fosters a sense of community and belonging for all a space where self-care (mental and physical) is encouraged a space where members feel that their boundaries and confidentiality are respected empathy we do our best to empathize with others? experiences, even when they are very different from our own we validate each other?s thoughts, emotions, and experiences we aim to provide support and encouragement to others we listen to others with a goal of understanding education we use our knowledge and skills to empower ourselves and each other we disseminate knowledge with a goal of educating, advocating, and empowering we realize that valuable knowledge takes many forms, from formal research to subjective experience we provide our community with useful resources, and give all community members opportunities to give input on what resources will be available check out this comprehensive lgbtq+ health & well-being guide provided by drugwatch here. campus pride centre contact info madelyn dent (they/them) windsor, on, n9b 3p4 room 235, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave 519-253-3000 ext. 4093 campuspride@uwindsor.ca hours of operation closed for the summer term be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
