https://www.crisisservicescanada.ca/en/
canada suicide prevention service | crisis services canada skip to content crisis services canada call 1.833.456.4566 | text 45645 fran?ais menu home get help call us text us chat with us thinking about suicide? someone you know thinking about suicide? dealing with a loss from suicide? resources other support organizations fast facts faq stories of hope covid-19 resources resources for marginalized communities and allies about our organization our board our funders our vendors policies & practices news & events csc in the news for the media take action donate join our social media network share your story volunteer positions staff positions csc publications csc news articles videos donate for the public century circuit fundraiser the canada suicide prevention service need help? connect with our responders now call 1.833.456.4566 available 24/7/365 send a text to 45645 available 4pm - midnight et standard text messaging rates apply for terms & conditions for all interactions, including our privacy policy, click here. french text support is currently unavailable le soutien sms en fran?ais n?est pas disponsible pour le moment. scroll down the page for a list of other organizations offering chat and text services in canada for residents of quebec, call 1 866 appelle (1.866.277.3553) pour les r?sidents du qu?bec, composez le 1 866 appelle (1.866.277.3553) if you?re thinking about suicide, are worried about a friend or loved one, the canada suicide prevention service is available 24/7 for voice and 4pm to 12am et for text. test if you are concerned about covid-19, click here for some helpful resources french phone support is now available - le soutien t?l?phone en fran?ais est d?sormais disponible thinking about suicide? asking for help can be hard. that?s why we offer a safe place to talk - any time, in your own way. if you are having thoughts of suicide, you don?t have to face them alone. we are available if you need a safe and judgement free place to talk. our responders are here to listen to you, support you, and keep you safe. talk to someone know someone thinking about suicide? we can help you recognize the signs and provide support. research shows that talking about suicide does not increase the likelihood that someone will kill themselves. in fact, connecting with someone who cares can make all the difference. call us toll-free or text us. we can help you in your own efforts to provide support, and assist you in connecting with professionals when needed. more about what you can do struggling with a loss from suicide? losing someone to suicide can be shocking and incredibly painful. the grief can be intense, complex, and long term. working through grief is an extremely individual and unique process. each person will experience it in their own way and at their own pace. if you have been bereaved by the suicide of a friend or loved one, we can help connect you with resources that will support you in making sense of what has happened, dealing with the grief and learning how to live with your loss. get support local resources & support we want to ensure that no matter where you live in canada, support is never far away. browse our database to find additional support resources in your region. browse resources about crisis services canada crisis services canada (csc) is a national network of existing distress, crisis and suicide prevention line services. we are committed to supporting any person living in canada who is affected by suicide, in the most caring and least intrusive manner possible. learn more why volunteer? whatever your interests or experience, your local crisis centre will train, mentor and support you to becoming a skilled crisis responder. some reasons people volunteer: an opportunity to provide support to people in need in my community the chance to be the difference for someone thinking of suicide a chance to learn valuable communication and life skills a personal growth opportunity to gain experience towards a career in counseling and mental health to join a caring and compassionate community please note that crisis services canada is currently not directly accepting any volunteer applications. find a crisis centre near you other chat and text services available british columbia bc interior interior crisis line network crisis chat (5 pm to 9pm pt) interiorcrisisline.com coastal region vancouver crisis centre crisis chat (12 pm to 1 am pt): crisiscentrechat.ca northern bc northern bc crisis centre crisis chat (4 pm - 10 pm pt): www.northernyouthonline.ca youth support: (250) 564-8336 vancouver island vancouver island crisis line & chat crisis chat (6 pm - 10 pm pt): www.vicrisis.ca crisis text: (250) 800-3806 alberta calgary & area distress centre calgary crisis chat support (starting at 3 pm mst): www.distresscentre.com crisis text & chat support (starting at 3 pm mst): www.calgaryconnecteen.com wood's homes crisis text & chat support (9 am - 10 pm mst): www.woodshomes.ca manitoba all of manitoba mb farm, rural & northern support services (m-f 10 am - 9 pm ct): online crisis chat: supportline.ca phone: 1-866-367-3276 ontario all of ontario ontx ontario online & text crisis service crisis chat (2 pm - 2 am et): www.dcontario.org/ontx.html crisis text (2 pm - 2 am et): 258258 canada all of canada kids help phone text services: text "connect" to 686868 (children and youth) youthspace.ca (need2 suicide prevention, education & support) youth chat (6 pm - 12 am pt): www.youthspace.ca youth text (6 pm - 12 am pt): (778) 783-0177 if you or someone you know is in immediate danger, call 9-1-1 follow us sign up for our newsletter email address please enter a valid email address. subscribe! i consent to future communications from crisis services canada you must accept the terms and conditions. success! thanks for subscribing. something went wrong. please check your entries and try again. members privacy contact cart account log out ? 2022 crisis services canada scroll to top
