https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/763/cashless-campus
cashless campus | finance department skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students finance department finance department financial accounting & reporting for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms uwindsor home finance department financial accounting & reporting cashless campus cashless campus as we navigate through a new way of living and interacting in the world today, the university has decided for many reasons, including the covid-19 pandemic, to move towards a cashless campus. although this change in policy will be an adjustment to some, we believe it will be in the best interest for the safety and health of our campus. please see below for a listing of payment methods accepted on campus please review our updated cash handling policy which can be found here. if your department is in need of an electronic terminal to accept debit/credit card transactions, please contact the finance department to request a machine. cash will still be accepted on campus at the uwincard kiosks to add monies to your employee or student uwincard. currently kiosks already exist in leddy library and the caw centre in which you can add money to uwincards. cash can also be added to your cards at the uwincard office or online on the uwincard website. the adding of cash to your uwincard balance allows those that do not have access to a canadian bank account, debit or credit cards to still utilize cash as a currency option. if your department is in need of a machine to accept payments from the uwincard system, please reach out to the uwincard office. the following payment methods will be accepted in most areas on campus: debit/credit cards uwincards cheques ewallets uwin giftcards for more information on payment methods accepted in specific areas on campus, please refer to the departmental website for that area. cashless campus resources cashless campus memorandum cash handling policy add funds to uwincard ?application for cash float ?application for loan of debit terminal cashless campus frequently asked questions if our department is no longer accepting cash, will we have access to interac/pos machines to accept debit/credit card and uwin card payments? pos machines can be ordered for any department that does not currently have access to one and would like to accept this form of payment. in order to retrieve a machine, you will need to contact rachel mcrae at warnockr@uwindsor.ca as well as read our cash handling policy with regarding to processing these transactions. will we be able to accept visa/mastercard in areas on campus that currently do not accept these forms of payment? our goal is to accept these forms of payment widely on campus. we are currently in negotiations with our electronic payment provider to ensure we have access to these forms of payments. please monitor the cashless campus website for further updates on which payment methods are being accepted throughout campus. some individuals do have daily limits on their debit cards or do not own a credit card. how will they pay for items on campus? all faculty, staff and students have access to an employee card or uwincard that can carry a cash balance. we currently have two kiosks installed in which cash can be used to input funds onto the card. these funds can then be used to make payments at most areas on campus. the locations of the uwincard kiosks include leddy library and the caw centre. we are looking to increase the number of kiosks installed. in addition to the kiosks, money can be added online at the following location https://www.uwindsor.ca/uwincard/300/depositing-money and in person at the uwincard office. employees also have the option of having this directly debited from their pay stubs. what happens if the interac/pos machines go offline or there is a power outage? although infrequent, we understand that there are emergency situations in which payment technology will not be functioning.we have addressed this particular situation in our exceptions to the cashless campus initiative, answered in the appendix a section at the end of this document.certain departments on campus will have access to an emergency floats if this situation arises and cash will be accepted as a form of payment only during the time the machines are offline. can students pay their tuition by credit card? not at this time, however the university is currently looking into the option of tuition payments by credit card with various service providers. will cheques still be an acceptable means of payment? yes, cheques will continue to be accepted. what about special events in which we sell tickets or have a cash bar offering? we have addressed this situation in our exceptions to the cashless campus initiative answered in the appendix a at the end of this document. special events are exempt with express permission from the financial controller. please see the cash handling policy for specific details. can we still use our petty cash funds for small purchases? petty cash funds are being recalled and are no longer permitted for any department on campus. all departments that have a petty cash fund must return the funds and supporting receipts accounts receivable as soon as possible. any small purchases can be made using the departmental purchasing card or purchased personally and then reimbursed through the uwinsite finance expense module. some of our students, including international students, may not have a canadian bank account and/or depend on the use of cash. how are we addressing their needs and those of low-income status? all faculty, staff and students have access to an employee card or uwincard that can carry a cash balance.we currently have two kiosks installed in which cash can be used to input funds onto the card. these funds can then be used to make payments at most areas on campus. the locations of the uwincard kiosks include leddy library and the caw centre. we are looking to increase the number of kiosks installed. in addition to the kiosks, money can be added online at the following location https://www.uwindsor.ca/uwincard/300/depositing-money and in person at the uwincard office. employees also have the option of having this directly debited from their pay stubs. is it legal for a business to not accept a form of legal tender? although the bank of canada considers our currency as legal tender, it is not illegal for a business to choose not to accept a certain form of payment. similarly, credit cards are considered legal tender but not all businesses accept them, and they have a right to do so. many of our fellow universities have moved towards cashless campuses as well as many small, medium and larger corporations. it is important to note, cash will still be accepted at kiosks and in the uwincard office to put money on your uwincash account. electronic payments lead to privacy concerns. how will my information be tracked? the university has strict confidentiality agreements in place that prevent the misuse of personal data. debit and credit card transactions are tracked only by our electronic payment provider. our access to personal information is limited to only the last 4 digits of a card number. therefore, data cannot be tracked by customer for individuals purchases. appendix a directly from the cash handling policy although the university of windsor has moved to a cashless environment, we understand that there may be circumstances in which cash transactions need to take place in order to conduct business effectively. these circumstances are outlined below, however, departments are required to be approved for cash transactions if the circumstance is not defined below. these approvals must be granted by the financial controller at minimum 5 business days prior to the event occurring. exceptions to the cashless policy include: special events such as the president?s dinner, annual retirement dinner and other similar events that may include off-campus guests to attend. special permissions should be granted for these events and approved by the financial controller. university players performances or creative arts concerts lancer athletics games and events emergencies in which pos systems are offline and/or the uwincard system is down. uwincard office will accept cash to be input on users uwincard accounts. leddy library for fines and fees collections share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
