http://www.uwindsor.ca/humankinetics/312/centre-human-performance-and-health
centre for human performance and health  | faculty of human kinetics skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk faculty of human kinetics faculty of human kinetics in this section welcome department of kinesiology lancers athletics lancers recreation alumni support hk social media centre for human performance and health mission, vision & values fields of study community outreach facilities services contact us kin4980 placements contact kin hk newsletter hk strategic plan welcome department of kinesiology lancers athletics lancers recreation alumni support hk social media centre for human performance and health mission, vision & values fields of study community outreach facilities services contact us kin4980 placements contact kin hk newsletter hk strategic plan uwindsor home faculty of human kinetics centre for human performance and health centre for human performance and health our research moves the world the university of windsor delivers a formative education that ignites life-changing growth in our students and the community ? building on the success of the past with an eye toward the future. the centre for human performance and health (chph) is our bold step towards creating a more vibrant society by uniquely integrating the mutual benefits of healthy living, sport performance, and workplace safety. the chph is located within the faculty of human kinetics, which is comprised of both the academic department of kinesiology and the division of athletics and recreation services. recognized for excellence both nationally and internationally, faculty and staff from each department area combine efforts to showcase exceptional talents and expertise across multiple disciplines in the field of human movement. build a culture of health. support community. change lives the centre for human performance and health will provide a framework for multidisciplinary research and knowledge translation by bringing together experts in the following kinesiology disciplines; exercise physiology, sport and exercise psychology, biomechanics and ergonomics, motor control and learning. researchers in these areas will join experts in other fields such as medicine, nursing, psychology and engineering to deliver community programs under three priority areas; active and healthy living; sport performance; and workplace training and safety. through these much-needed community programs, students will gain research training and exceptional applied learning opportunities, giving them the experience and skills necessary for entering the workforce. experts will work together to move advancements in cutting-edge research to practice, placing a high priority on ensuring that evidence-based interventions reach the largest number of people possible. it is our goal to lead a diverse range of game-changing programs that will improve lives through partnership and innovation with the global community. active and healthy living exercise is medicine it is well known that an active lifestyle and proper nutrition can help you lead a longer, healthier and more fulfilling life. building a culture of health inspires the chph to play a pivotal role in creating healthier communities by conducting research and delivering programs focused on chronic disease management; mental health; making sports safer for athletes; and improving activities of daily living in older adults, children and special needs populations. clinical studies are designed to translate research findings into applications that will improve the health of humans throughout their lifespan and positively impact their quality of daily life. sport performance our promise to provide opportunity and fulfill potential the chph embraces the development of athletes at the grassroots level to assisting olympic athletes to achieve their best. our research aims to implement strength and conditioning programs; enhance mental training for peak performance; increase rehabilitation progress; identify the impact of relative age on sport participation and performance; and impact team functioning and the sociocultural benefits of sport. as a result, we will develop more effective training and psychological strategies, as well as screening tools to enable clinicians, coaches, and sport scientists to improve an athlete?s physical capabilities, safety, and long-term health. workplace training and safety improving workplace safety through research we believe in health and wellness and its ability to enhance individuals, organizations, and our community. healthy, safe employees are the most important asset. invested employers commit wisely in that asset, in order to reduce costs, prevent workplace injuries and sustain a culture of health. our research aims to develop effective methods for assessing and mitigating physical and psychological risks in order to reduce and prevent various workplace injuries. from our office and factory line workers to our first responders and healthcare providers, our objective is to create, inform and reform healthier work environments. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
