http://www.uwindsor.ca/ctl
centre for teaching and learning (ctl) skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students centre for teaching and learning (ctl) in this section home about the ctl services events and courses teaching and learning resources teaching and learning research recognition and awards visiting fellows university teaching learning technologies ctl newsletters home about the ctl services events and courses teaching and learning resources teaching and learning research recognition and awards visiting fellows university teaching learning technologies ctl newsletters uwindsor home centre for teaching and learning (ctl) welcome to the ctl welcome to the ctl announcements celebrating teaching excellence the sixteenth annual celebration of teaching excellence was celebrated virtually on tuesday, march 8, 2022, from 4:30 - 5:30 p.m. view a list of award winners. view the virtual presentation. lms review / sandbox evaluation the campus community is invited to explore each of the three systems vying to be the university of windsor?s next learning management system. sandboxes ? or testing versions ? of the systems are available through april 3, 2022. gata awards - call for nominations do you know a ga or ta whose educational practice is deserving of recognition or who is an outstanding educational leader? the ctl is calling for nominations recognizing contributions from graduate and teaching assistants to the university of windsor's learning environment. view more information on eligibility and the nomination process. deadline: friday, may 27th at 5:00 pm. information and support for hyflex classes information, resources and training for instructors and tas who are teaching hyflex courses this fall is now available. teaching continuity during covid-19: resources to help you prepare ctl, ool, and its have developed resources, workshops and online training to support instructors in teaching and learning amidst the covid-19 preparations: academic continuity during unplanned course interruptions; covid-19 preparedness workshops, drop-ins and consultations. ctl staff working remotely staff at the ctl are working remotely until further notice. if you require assistance please send an email to the appropriate staff member, or join our virtual drop-ins and consultations. events sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat instructor: joe pitawanakwat delivered online: monday, april 4, 2022, 2:30 ? 4:00 p.m. understanding awaadiziwin (knowledge/culture) and its role in achieving bimaadiziwin (life). we will acknowledge various cultural components as unique human gifts necessary for life: plant medicines, fasting, cold-immersion, heat-immersion, exercise/movement, diet/nutrition. we will focus on (provided) plant medicines. with us all at a solid understanding of this knowledge (awaadiziwin) and how it is required to achieve life itself (bimaadiziwin) the conversation then, necessarily focuses on the unique human ability to engage in reciprocal relationships with medicines themselves, and our roles and responsibilities to aki, the land. presented by the ctl and the aboriginal education centre. for more information, or to register, visit the ctl registration system. modelling accessivility instructors: erica stevens abbitt, cherie gagnon, veronika mogyorody, michael k. potter delivered online: friday, april 8, 2022, 10:00 a.m. ? 12:30 p.m. what could happen if, instead of merely talking about accessibility or calling others out for inaccessible practices, we became the change we wish to see in the university? that is, what if we focused more on the ethos of accessibility? this workshop invites participants to reflect on ways in which they can model accessibility in and out of the classroom, using a variety of lenses drawn from personal experiences. for more information, or to register, visit the ctl registration system. strategic use of high-impact practices portfolios and undergraduate research instructors: michelle macarthur & michael k. potter delivered online: friday, april 8, 2022, 2:00 ? 4:30 p.m. in this session participants will learn about portfolios and undergraduate research: how, and when they're valuable; conditions that enhance or decrease their educational power: and how they connect to other scholarly teaching practices. first-year experiences and common intellectual experiences instructor: michael k. potter delivered online: friday, april 15, 2022, 10:00 a.m. ? 12:30 p.m. in this session participants will learn about first-year experiences and common intellectual experiences: how, and when they're valuable; conditions that enhance or decrease their educational power: and how they connect to other scholarly teaching practices. learning communities and collaborative assessment tasks instructor: michael k. potter delivered online: friday, april 22, 2022, 10:00 a.m. ? 12:30 p.m. in this session participants will learn about learning communities and collaborative assessment tasks: how, and when they're valuable; conditions that enhance or decrease their educational power: and how they connect to other scholarly teaching practices. for more information, or to register, visit the ctl registration system. blackboard learn training the centre for teaching and learning provides individual consultations, group workshops, and online self-paced courses about the use of the university?s learning management system, blackboard learn. faculty, sessional instructors, staff, and gas are welcome to register. online courses | f-2-f workshops share tweet save popular links classroom database blackboard learn visiting fellows ga/ta and grad students university teaching certificate office of open learning share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
