http://continue.uwindsor.ca/524/cybersecurity
certificate in cybersecurity | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor in this section featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor certificate in cybersecurity certificate in cybersecurity ? register now ? back to main page watch the info session uwindsor?s certificate in cybersecurity covers fundamental topics in cybersecurity or information security. learners will participate in live, online, and interactive classes to understand threats, attacks, and vulnerabilities, the architecture and design of a system, effective implementation of security solutions, incident response and governance, and risk and compliance. upon completion of the certificate, learners will be able to investigate a network and create a report recommending steps to mitigate threats, attacks and vulnerabilities. content of this certificate is mapped with the comptia security + curriculum for those who are interested in pursuing the certification. courses are non-credit, and can be taken individually, or complete both cybersecurity i and ii to receive a certificate in cybersecurity. cybersecurity i: introduction to systems security schedule: wednesdays, may 11-june 29, 2022 | 5:30pm - 8:30pm est course description cybersecurity i ? introduction to systems security is part one of two of the cybersecurity certificate. this online course covers fundamental topics in cyber security or information security. learners will participate in live interactive classes to understand threats, attacks, and vulnerabilities and the architecture and design of a system. content of this course is mapped with the comptia security + curriculum for those who are interested in pursuing the certification. learner outcomes topics: threats, attacks, and vulnerabilities analyze potential indicators to determine various types of threats, attacks and vulnerabilities explain the techniques used in penetration testing learners will actively participate in online classes and complete a combination of assignments. learners will be assigned a grade of "complete or incomplete" upon completion. architecture and design explain the importance of security concepts in an enterprise environment and cloud computing recognize secure application development, deployment, and automation concepts including authentication and authorization design concepts learners will actively participate in online classes and complete a combination of assignments. learners will be assigned a grade of "complete or incomplete" upon completion. fee: $650 + hst uwindsor staff, students and alumni are eligible for a discount. email continue@uwindsor.ca for the discount code. cybersecurity ii: system implementation schedule: wednesdays, september 21-november 9, 2022 | 5:30pm - 8:30pm est fee: $650 + hst course description cybersecurity ii ? system implementation is part two of the cybersecurity certificate. this online course covers effective implementation of security solutions, incident response and governance, and risk and compliance. upon completion of the class, learners will be able to investigate a network and create a report recommending steps to mitigate threats, attacks and vulnerabilities. content of this course is mapped with the comptia security + curriculum for those who are interested in pursuing the certification. learner outcomes topics: implementation demonstrate an understanding of implementing secure mobile solutions, identity and account management controls and public key infrastructure apply host or application security solutions and create secure network designs demonstrate an understanding of installing and configuring wireless security settings write reports analyzing a vulnerability of a system and apply cybersecurity solutions to the cloud and implement cybersecurity resilience operations and incident response use the appropriate tools to assess organizational security summarize the importance of policies, processes, and procedures for incident response and organizational security use digital forensics to respond to an incident using appropriate data sources, mitigation techniques and controls to secure the environment governance, risk and compliance explain the importance of applicable regulations, standards, or frameworks that impact organizational security posture identify privacy concepts and risk management processes in relation to security learners will actively participate in online classes and complete a combination of assignments. learners will be assigned a grade of "complete or incomplete" upon completion. class materials required textbook: comptia security+ review guide: exam sy0-601 by james michael stewart download free open source ethical hacking software https://www.kali.org/downloads/ download virtual box, free software https://www.virtualbox.org/ fee: $650 + hst uwindsor staff, students and alumni are eligible for a discount. email continue@uwindsor.ca for the discount code. course details schedule: cybersecurity i: wednesdays, may 11-june 29, 2022 | 5:30pm - 8:30pm est cybersecurity ii: wednesdays, september 21-november 9, 2022 | 5:30pm - 8:30pm est fees: certificate in cybersecurity: $1,170 + hst includes cybersecurity i and ii cannot be used with any other discount or, take courses individually: cybersecurity i: $650 + hst cybersecurity ii: $650 + hst uwindsor alumni, staff and students are eligible for a discount on individual courses. please contact continue@uwindsor.ca for the appropriate discount code. class materials required textbook: comptia security+ review guide: exam sy0-601 by james michael stewart download free open source ethical hacking software https://www.kali.org/downloads/ download virtual box, free software https://www.virtualbox.org/ prerequisites: in order to ensure you are academically prepared, it is expected that you have: successfully completed grade 12 or equivalency successfully completed one grade 12 math or equivalency english language proficiency basic computer skills or course completion in fundamental computer applications such as word note: individuals who wish to take cybersecurity ii must have a prerequisite of cybersecurity i. proof of completion may be requested for any of the above. technical requirements this class is offered through blackboard collaborate. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. blackboard requirements all course details can be accessed through blackboard. a link will be provided through email and you will have access the first day of class. please activate your uwinid. your uwinid and password are needed to access blackboard. if you have any issues, please contact continue@uwindsor.ca. blackboard.uwindsor.ca works best with google chrome. you can also use firefox or safari. it is suggested that you avoid using internet explorer. there is a ?navigating your online course? module and technical tutorials that you can review for a brief orientation to blackboard once you log in. feel free to review the full blackboard preferred system requirements. instructor: dr. ikjot saini is an automotive cybersecurity professional whose research is focused on the connected and autonomous vehicles covering the security and privacy of v2x and in-vehicle security. she has published many research papers and journal articles, including v2x privacy schemes, engineering privacy attacks for equitable assessment, dsrc network congestion and routing protocols. she is an assistant professor in the school of computer science at the university of windsor. she is also an independent security consultant. she is serving as the academic director of the automotive security research group and chapter lead at windsor. she is currently serving as a member of the apma cyber security committee as a v2x technology expert. dr. saini is passionate about cybersecurity and is a leading voice promoting women?s participation and leadership. she has founded the first canadian student chapter of women in cybersecurity (wicys) with the mission to provide opportunities for women to learn and get hands-on experience and was awarded for student chapter of the year in 2020 among 103 student chapters. she is currently serving as academic chair on wicys ontario affiliate board. she is stream owner of ?iot and edge security? at aggregate intellect and serving on various advisory committees. she is serving on the auto parts manufacturers association- cyber security committee as v2x technology expert. she was the winner of the cyber woman of the year award, one of the cyber mobility awards, in 2020 and inaugural wetech alliance woman in tech of the year award in 2019. she has been featured in 2020 canadians to watch by auto news canada. register now email us at continue@uwindsor.ca if you have questions - we are always happy to help. sign up on our interest list to be notified about enrolment and receive updates from continuing education. tags: cybersecurity share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
