https://www.uwindsor.ca/chemical-control-centre/324/chemical-waste-collection-disposal-procedure
chemical waste  | chemical control centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students chemical control centre chemical control centre in this section welcome to the ccc safety programs chemical stock room required training research safety committee spill response waste management chemical waste biological waste refrigerants pcb lab closure/relocation recycling contact us welcome to the ccc safety programs chemical stock room required training research safety committee spill response waste management chemical waste biological waste refrigerants pcb lab closure/relocation recycling contact us uwindsor home chemical control centre chemical waste chemical waste segregation before starting any experiment, determine the types of wastes that will be generated. wastes are generally segregated based on hazard class (e.g. flammable, corrosive, toxic, oxidizing) and compatibility. these are further segregated based on chemical composition; organic from inorganic, oxidizing acids from non-oxidizing acids, and halogenated solvents from non-halogenated solvents. refer to the hazardous waste disposal guide for a detailed list of wastes streams requiring segregation and contact the hazardous materials technician (hmt) for further assistance as required. containers & labeling use only waste containers provided by the ccc. containers must be compatible with the type of material being added. containers must be in good condition and lids/caps closed tightly when not in use. containers must have a ?hazardous waste? tag, or equivalent, attached. as soon as a container is put into use, fill out contact information, start date, and contents. use chemical names with approximate concentrations (>1%). no formulas or short forms. do not over fill containers. surplus chemicals for disposal should remain in their original container; additional labeling is not required if the manufacturer or workplace label is intact. storage & handling store liquid waste in a secondary container large enough to contain any spill. store according to compatibility. do not store incompatible material in the same secondary container. regularly inspect temporary waste accumulation areas. do not store for more than 90 days, even if the container is not full. proper personal protection is always required when handling and transporting hazardous waste. always use a spill proof cart or secondary container to transport waste within a building. use a freight or chemical elevator to transport waste between floors, never a passenger elevator. laboratory representatives while it is the responsibility of all personnel to observe proper waste handling procedures in the course of their work, supervisors, principal investigators, or delegates should designate a representative to oversee final disposal through the ccc. this representative should be an experienced, technician, postdoctoral fellow or graduate student, and never an undergraduate student. the representative will work with the hmt to ensure that collection systems are in place which meet the individual needs of their group, regularly inspect and arrange for disposal through the ccc, and ensure that all group members are made aware of these collection and disposal procedures. departmental disposal procedures essex hall email a detailed inventory of the types and quantity of waste which are ready for disposal to the ccc. waste is typically picked up from the labs on fridays. please plan ahead and submit requests by end-of-day on thursday. full containers will be exchanged with empties, any additional containers can be provided upon request. direct delivery to the ccc by approved personnel (representatives, supervisors, or staff) may be accommodated with prior consent only. biology building the satellite waste accumulation site is located in the biology stock room, 316. deliver waste in person to a stock room technician during hours of operation only. observe all safety measures when transporting waste within the building. additional waste supplies are available from the biology stock room. for disposal of non-standard/special waste items, please contact the ccc. centre for engineering innovation (cei) the satellite waste accumulation site is located in room 1197 cei. please email bmiddleton@uwindsor.ca or call ext. 2564 to schedule a delivery time and obtain additional waste supplies. if unavailable please contact the ccc directly. all deliveries must be made in person and with prior consent. observe all safety measures when transporting waste within the building. for disposal of non-standard/special waste items, please contact the ccc. great lakes institute (glier) the satellite waste accumulation site is located in the lab services room, 127. place waste containers in the designated areas: non-flammable waste in a secondary container (bin) on the shelf, flammables in the flammable cabinet, and large solid waste containers to the side of the shelf against the wall. ensure containers and labels are properly prepared prior to transport and disposal. observe all safety measures when transporting waste within the building. obtain replacement supplies from the shelf as needed. contact the hmt for any additional supplies. for disposal of non-standard/special waste items, please contact the ccc. all other buildings please contact the ccc to schedule a waste pick-up and obtain waste supplies. reference document hazardous materials disposal guide (.pdf) contact the chemical control centre if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. chemical control centre office: b37 essex hall phone: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3523 fax: (519) 973-7013 email: ccc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save resources hazardous materials information system safety data sheets available training available manuals share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
