https://www.uwindsor.ca/chemical-control-centre/297/chemical-stock-room
chemical stock room | chemical control centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students chemical control centre chemical control centre in this section welcome to the ccc safety programs chemical stock room ordering chemicals ordering gases ordering controlled/hazardous goods hazardous materials information system required training research safety committee spill response waste management contact us welcome to the ccc safety programs chemical stock room ordering chemicals ordering gases ordering controlled/hazardous goods hazardous materials information system required training research safety committee spill response waste management contact us uwindsor home chemical control centre chemical stock room chemical stock room the chemical stock room is responsible for ordering, receiving and returning all chemicals and hazardous material used on campus. you may also purchase commonly used laboratory supplies, solvents and reagents for use in your laboratory research. researchers should be aware that many materials used in research today are regulated by various legislation and agencies including but not limited to: the public health agency of canada, canadian food inspection agency, ministry of the environment, the government of canada, the province of ontario, the canadian nuclear safety commission, foreign affairs canada, and the university of windsor. researchers who are planning to work with or transfer any materials in the categories listed below must contact the chemical control centre to ensure the materials have the proper regulatory documentation and approval. if you are unsure if your materials are regulated, contact the ccc at (519) 253-3000 ext. 3523 for more information. animals used for research biohazardous materials chemical weapons & precursor chemicals controlled goods controlled substances cyanides insects not native to canada or imported lasers (class 3b, 4) plants not native to canada or imported radioactive materials toxic substances designated substances veterinary controlled products x-ray equipment stock items stock items can be order through email by sending a stock order form to ccc@uwindsor.ca stock item order form hazardous material orders the chemical control centre is the purchasing agent for the acquisition of all hazardous materials used on campus, including (material acquisition overview (.pdf)): chemicals gases lab supplies office supplies radioisotopes biohazards controlled substances controlled goods chemicals chemicals are defined as an item which is controlled by a material safety data sheet or has been assigned a cas number. compressed liquids or gases gas products can be acquired from multiple vendors. the ccc does stock a variety of common gas products. cylinders/dewars are delivered to pre-designated locations throughout campus by facilities services. for pick-up and/or delivery, contact the ccc. radioactive materials radioactive materials can only be acquired by individuals who hold a university of windsor radioisotope permit. please contact the radiation safety officer (rso) at extension 3524 for more information. all orders are subject to verification of regulatory compliance by the rso. biohazardous materials biohazardous materials, including cell cultures and all bsl-1/2 materials can only be acquired by individuals who hold a university of windsor biological safety certificate. please contact the chemical control centre at extension 3523 for more information. controlled substances controlled substances are items which are controlled by health canada under the controlled drugs and substances act. to facilitate the acquisition of these items, researchers require a copy of a valid scientific exemption from the evaluation and authorization division of health canada's office of controlled substances. placing an order please visit the following pages for information on how to order chemicals and hazardous goods: ordering chemicals ordering controlled/hazardous goods contact the chemical control centre if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. chemical control centre office: b37 essex hall phone: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3523 fax: (519) 973-7013 email: ccc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save resources hazardous materials information system safety data sheets available training available manuals share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
