https://play.google.com/store/books/category/coll_1689
children's books - books on google play sign in hidden fields search books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide children's books ebooks arts biographies & memoirs business & investing computers & technology cooking, food & wine fantasy fiction & literature health & fitness health, mind & body history home & garden humor mystery & thrillers poetry politics & current events reference religion & spirituality romance science science fiction sports travel young adult audiobooks arts & entertainment biographies & memoirs business & investing fiction & literature health, mind & body history language instruction mystery & thrillers religion & spirituality romance science & technology science fiction & fantasy self-help sports travel young adult comics general anthologies contemporary women crime & mystery fantasy horror literary manga media tie-in science fiction superheroes children's books ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 action & adventure animals & nature comics early learning education fiction growing up history & biographies mysteries science fiction & fantasy sports subgenres ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 action & adventure animals & nature comics early learning education fiction growing up history & biographies mysteries science fiction & fantasy sports home top charts new arrivals new & notable top fiction & nonfiction see more sonic the hedgehog 2: the official movie pre-quill kiel phegley catch up with sonic and friends?if you can?in this exclusive prequel to 2022's most anticipated family film! life is good in green hills for sonic the hedgehog . . . maybe too good. he's starting to get bored, and when sonic gets bored, things become a lot less boring for everyone else?fast! quicker than you can say "chili dog," the fastest thing alive is saving the day and causing all sorts of chaos along the way! plus, new and returning characters starring in the sonic the hedgehog 2 film take the lead in stories of their own! $8.75$7.35 the flames of hope (wings of fire, book 15) book 15 the #1 new york times bestselling series is hotter than ever, and this thrilling conclusion to the lost continent prophecy arc is a must-read! with talons united . . . luna has always wanted to change the world -- to fix it, to free it -- even if she?s never actually known how. now that all of dragon - and humankind are in mortal danger, luna is flying back home to pantala with a team of dragons on a rescue mission, determined to be brave and useful. but saving a continent isn?t as easy as a prophecy makes it sound, and ?facing a great evil? definitely requires more than the fiery silk that luna is uniquely able to create. as she fights her way to the abyss that hides the dark roots poisoning pantala, luna must uncover a long-buried secret and unite her friends, her enemies, and her own powers. if she doesn?t, she won?t get to change the world. she?ll have to say goodbye to it -- forever. $18.99$9.99 warriors: a starless clan #1: river book 1 a thrilling new adventure begins in erin hunter?s #1 bestselling warriors series! they have always lived by the code?but only change can keep the peace. a new age is dawning on the warrior clans. now a new generation of warriors rises?one wrestling with the legacy of his great ancestor firestar, one seeking to protect her troubled clan, and one yearning to prove herself as a medicine cat?as leaders from all five clans agree that the warrior code must be reformed. but when tragedy strikes riverclan, old fears will threaten the new peace? unless these three young cats can calm the coming storm. this seventh epic warriors series is full of action, intrigue, and adventure. this first book is the perfect introduction for new readers, while long-time fans will discover what unfolds after the events of the broken code. $11.99 fgteev: the switcheroo rescue! fgteev it?s game time again! press play on the switcheroo rescue, the third graphic novel in the awesome-packed, new york times bestselling series by youtube?s favorite family of gamers, fgteev! the fgteev family have survived their fair share of glitchy gaming consoles! but now their luck has taken a decidedly strange turn-for-the-worse when duddz bonks heads with cecil and boom, the switcheroo happens. they wind-up flip-flopped into each other?s body. now cecil has duddz?s lightning fast reflexes and mad gaming skills, while duddz is stuck with cecil?s stubby fingers and really bad banana allergies. but the two frenemies have no choice but to work together if they want to get back into their own bodies and stop the mayhem-wrecking ghost that their antics has unleashed! but when their plans backfire and cecil turns them power mad, moomy, chase, lexi, mike, and shawn to join have to step in to try to save the day. can the family find a way to stop cecil, save duddz, banish a nasty ghost, and get everyone back into their rightful bodies before it?s too late? game like you never gamed before in the fun-filled third graphic novel adventure from youtube sensation fgteev, with more than 19 million subscribers and over 20 billion views! $10.99 this farm is a family dan mckernan in this adorable illustrated picture book for kids written by dan mckernan (saved by the barn), the rescue farm animals at barn sanctuary decide to help a cow who is dealing with fear and anxiety in her new home. children will learn the importance of friendship and compassion, as well as why it?s important to support others during hard times. inside this book, kids ages 4-8 will discover: a positive message about friendship, kindness, and understanding others how to show compassion to others ways of coping with difficult situations, including how to deal with fear and anxiety a page with information on barn sanctuary and their rescue efforts, with information on ways you can support the real-life animals featured in the book this farm is a family follows a group of rescued farm animals who are living their best lives at barn sanctuary. each one is eager to meet the newest arrival, buttercup the cow, and show her all the fun things they can do together. but buttercup doesn?t want to play--in fact, she doesn?t want anything to do with the other animals. so with a lot of love and understanding, the animals work together to help buttercup discover she?s part of a new family and can leave her old fears behind. this farm is a family is perfect for: birthdays, christmas, and easter or passover gifts, as well as back to school reading children ages 4-8 who love farm animals and cuddly creatures teaching young readers kindness and compassion, and that they can make a difference in the world kids who are in a new school, new neighborhood, or new house $7.99 captain underpants and the sensational saga of sir stinks-a-lot: color edition (captain underpants #12) (color edition) dav pilkey the future of all humanity is at stake in the final color installment in this new york times bestselling series by dav pilkey, the author and illustrator of dog man! george and harold, and their doubles, yesterday george and yesterday harold, have a good thing going. two of them go to school, while the other two hide in the tree house and play video games all day -- then they switch! but it turns out there's something rotten in the state of ohio, and it's smellier than a pile of putrid gym socks. the boys' malicious gym teacher, mr. meaner, has created a method of mind control that transforms their fellow students into attentive, obedient, perfect children. now it's all in george and harold and yesterday george and yesterday harold's hands! $13.99$9.99 surviving the wild: star the elephant remy lai planet earth meets narwhal and jelly in this funny and suspenseful young reader graphic novel adventure series featuring heroic animals! inspired by true events, the book includes facts about climate change, elephants, and how kids can help protect the environment. "a heartening and pensive story, told through irresistibly charming art, star the elephant is an utter delight." ?john patrick green, new york times-bestselling creator of investigators star the elephant and his herd are searching for a new home. but when star is separated from his family, he must journey alone into the great unknown. he'll come face to face with giant spiders, the vast ocean beyond his island, and strange humans. can star find his way back to his family? $10.99 frank and the bad surprise martha brockenbrough frank the cat has it good: tons of toys, unlimited whiskies? and space and quiet to stretch and nap and think and write. then his people bring home a box. a box with something unexpected inside. a puppy. a puppy who doesn't know the rules of naps. a puppy who slobbers and tackles and barks. this won't do. frank will just have to find a better home. should be easy, right? $19.99$9.99 pegasus princesses 3: flip's fair emily bliss from the author of unicorn princesses, a high-flying chapter book series about a girl who goes on magical adventures with the pegasus princesses. when eight-year-old, pegasus-obsessed clara griffin is playing in the forest, she's thrilled to discover a magical silver feather and a flying armchair that transport her to the wing realm, the land of the pegasus princesses! it is princess flip's favorite day of the year-the day she hosts the wing realm's potion fair! this year, the pegasus princesses have concocted a special magical potion with their favorite human girl, clara, in mind. clara knows a thing or two about potions, and she eagerly helps the pegasus princesses add the final ingredients to this very special one. when she travels across the wing realm to the magic marsh with flip and lucinda to prepare for the fair, a potion mishap causes a caterpillar catastrophe. can clara mix up the right ideas to help save the day? featuring black-and-white illustrations throughout and eye-catching, sparkly covers, this series is another must-have for chapter book readers. $6.39$4.92 a good place lucy cousins from the creator of maisy, a joyful picture book with a gentle environmental message finds four insect friends in search of a good place to live. bee, ladybug, beetle, and dragonfly are looking for somewhere to live. and each has a different want: bee loves flowers, ladybug prefers leaves, beetle is fond of dead wood, and dragonfly likes ponds. but every time they find what seems like the perfect spot?with beautiful flowers, a tiny pond, some dead wood, or gorgeous green leaves?they discover it?s underfoot, near traffic, or otherwise not safe. will these four friends ever find a good place? lucy cousins brings her bold artwork and endearing characters to an inviting story that leads to a dazzling conclusion, showing children that even in an urban environment, encouraging wildlife and natural ecosystems can create a healthy and beautiful habitat for all of us. $22.53$13.52 top ebooks in children's books see more sonic the hedgehog 2: the official movie pre-quill kiel phegley catch up with sonic and friends?if you can?in this exclusive prequel to 2022's most anticipated family film! life is good in green hills for sonic the hedgehog . . . maybe too good. he's starting to get bored, and when sonic gets bored, things become a lot less boring for everyone else?fast! quicker than you can say "chili dog," the fastest thing alive is saving the day and causing all sorts of chaos along the way! plus, new and returning characters starring in the sonic the hedgehog 2 film take the lead in stories of their own! $8.75$7.35 harry potter and the deathly hallows book 7 'give me harry potter,' said voldemort's voice, 'and none shall be harmed. give me harry potter, and i shall leave the school untouched. give me harry potter, and you will be rewarded.' as he climbs into the sidecar of hagrid's motorbike and takes to the skies, leaving privet drive for the last time, harry potter knows that lord voldemort and the death eaters are not far behind. the protective charm that has kept harry safe until now is broken, but he cannot keep hiding. the dark lord is breathing fear into everything harry loves and to stop him harry will have to find and destroy the remaining horcruxes. the final battle must begin - harry must stand and face his enemy... having become classics of our time, the harry potter ebooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new readers. $10.99 harry potter and the half-blood prince book 6 there it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark death eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building... wherever they had murdered... when dumbledore arrives at privet drive one summer night to collect harry potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and hogwarts itself is not safe. harry is convinced that malfoy bears the dark mark: there is a death eater amongst them. harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores voldemort's darkest secrets, and dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny... having become classics of our time, the harry potter ebooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new readers. $10.99 harry potter and the philosopher's stone book 1 turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger and a snake surrounding a large letter 'h'. harry potter has never even heard of hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, privet drive. addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. then, on harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle-eyed giant of a man called rubeus hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news: harry potter is a wizard, and he has a place at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. an incredible adventure is about to begin! having become classics of our time, the harry potter ebooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new readers. $10.99 harry potter and the goblet of fire book 4 'there will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways ... their magical prowess - their daring - their powers of deduction - and, of course, their ability to cope with danger.' the triwizard tournament is to be held at hogwarts. only wizards who are over seventeen are allowed to enter - but that doesn't stop harry dreaming that he will win the competition. then at hallowe'en, when the goblet of fire makes its selection, harry is amazed to find his name is one of those that the magical cup picks out. he will face death-defying tasks, dragons and dark wizards, but with the help of his best friends, ron and hermione, he might just make it through - alive! having become classics of our time, the harry potter ebooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new readers. $10.99 charlotte's web e. b. white don?t miss one of america?s top 100 most-loved novels, selected by pbs?s the great american read. this beloved book by e. b. white, author of stuart little and the trumpet of the swan, is a classic of children's literature that is "just about perfect." illustrations in this ebook appear in vibrant full color on a full-color device and in rich black-and-white on all other devices. some pig. humble. radiant. these are the words in charlotte's web, high up in zuckerman's barn. charlotte's spiderweb tells of her feelings for a little pig named wilbur, who simply wants a friend. they also express the love of a girl named fern, who saved wilbur's life when he was born the runt of his litter. e. b. white's newbery honor book is a tender novel of friendship, love, life, and death that will continue to be enjoyed by generations to come. it contains illustrations by garth williams, the acclaimed illustrator of e. b. white's stuart little and laura ingalls wilder's little house series, among many other books. whether enjoyed in the classroom or for homeschooling or independent reading, charlotte's web is a proven favorite. $9.99 his dark materials: the golden compass (book 1) book 1 his dark materials is now an hbo original series starring dafne keen, ruth wilson, james mcavoy, and lin-manuel miranda! the modern fantasy classic that entertainment weekly named an ?all-time greatest novel? and newsweek hailed as a ?top 100 book of all time.? philip pullman takes readers to a world where humans have animal familiars and where parallel universes are within reach. lyra is rushing to the cold, far north, where witch clans and armored bears rule. north, where the gobblers take the children they steal?including her friend roger. north, where her fearsome uncle asriel is trying to build a bridge to a parallel world. can one small girl make a difference in such great and terrible endeavors? this is lyra: a savage, a schemer, a liar, and as fierce and true a champion as roger or asriel could want. but what lyra doesn't know is that to help one of them will be to betray the other... a masterwork of storytelling and suspense, philip pullman's award-winning the golden compass is the first in the his dark materials series, which continues with the subtle knife and the amber spyglass. a #1 new york times bestseller winner of the guardian prize for children's fiction published in 40 countries "arguably the best juvenile fantasy novel of the past twenty years." ?the washington post "very grand indeed." ?the new york times "pullman is quite possibly a genius." ?newsweek don't miss philip pullman's epic new trilogy set in the world of his dark materials! ** the book of dust ** la belle sauvage the secret commonwealth $9.99 before the batman: an original movie novel (the batman movie) random house before the batman?: an original movie novel?an exciting new story inspired by the all-new motion picture the batman! warner bros.?s the batman now in theaters, bringing with it all the adventure and action of one of the most popular super heroes in the world. we all know that billionaire bruce wayne is secretly gotham city?s vigilante detective and protector, the batman?but what road led him there? find out in before the batman: an original movie novel, which includes an exciting original story of bruce wayne's early adventures on his way to becoming the batman! $9.99 borders thomas king a people magazine best book fall 2021 from celebrated indigenous author thomas king and award-winning m?tis artist natasha donovan comes a powerful graphic novel about a family caught between nations. borders is a masterfully told story of a boy and his mother whose road trip is thwarted at the border when they identify their citizenship as blackfoot. refusing to identify as either american or canadian first bars their entry into the us, and then their return into canada. in the limbo between countries, they find power in their connection to their identity and to each other. borders explores nationhood from an indigenous perspective and resonates deeply with themes of identity, justice, and belonging. $11.99 the trials of apollo, book two: dark prophecy rick riordan zeus has punished his son apollo--god of the sun, music, archery, poetry, and more--by casting him down to earth in the form of a gawky, acne-covered sixteen-year-old mortal named lester. the only way apollo can reclaim his rightful place on mount olympus is by restoring several oracles that have gone dark. what is affecting the oracles, and how can apollo/lester do anything about them without his powers? after experiencing a series of dangerous--and frankly, humiliating--trials at camp half-blood, lester must now leave the relative safety of the demigod training ground and embark on a hair-raising journey across north america. fortunately, what he lacks in godly graces he's gaining in new friendships--with heroes who will be very familiar to fans of the percy jackson and the olympians and heroes of olympus series. come along for what promises to be a harrowing, hilarious, and haiku-filled ride. . . . $8.99 wrecking ball is here + read all your wimpy kid favorites see more wrecking ball (diary of a wimpy kid book 14) book 14 an instant #1 usa today, wall street journal, and new york times bestseller! in wrecking ball, book 14 of the diary of a wimpy kid series?from #1 international bestselling author jeff kinney?an unexpected inheritance gives greg heffley?s family a chance to make big changes to their house. but they soon find that home improvement isn?t all it?s cracked up to be. once the walls come down, all sorts of problems start to crop up. rotten wood, toxic mold, unwelcome critters, and something even more sinister all make greg and his family wonder if the renovations are worth the trouble. when the dust finally settles, will the heffleys be able to stay . . . or will they need to get out of town? and don?t miss diary of an awesome friendly kid: rowley jefferson?s journal?the instant #1 bestseller?told from greg's best friend rowley?s perspective! $17.99 diary of an awesome friendly kid: rowley jefferson's journal jeff kinney get ready for a whole new look into jeff kinney?s diary of a wimpy kid! introducing the newest wimpy kid author?rowley jefferson! rowley?s best friend greg heffley has been chronicling his middle-school years in thirteen diary of a wimpy kid journals . . . and counting. but it?s finally time for readers to hear directly from rowley in a journal of his own. in diary of an awesome friendly kid, rowley writes about his experiences and agrees to play the role of biographer for greg along the way. (after all, one day greg will be rich and famous, and everyone will want to know his life?s story.) but rowley is a poor choice for the job, and his ?biography? of greg is a hilarious mess. diary of an awesome friendly kid: rowley jefferson?s journal offers readers a new way to look at the wimpy world?one fans won?t want to miss! $16.99 the meltdown (diary of a wimpy kid book 13) book 13 when snow shuts down greg heffley?s middle school, his neighborhood transforms into a wintry battlefield. rival groups fight over territory, build massive snow forts, and stage epic snowball fights. and in the crosshairs are greg and his trusty best friend, rowley jefferson. it?s a fight for survival as greg and rowley navigate alliances, betrayals, and warring gangs in a neighborhood meltdown. when the snow clears, will greg and rowley emerge as heroes? or will they even survive to see another day? $17.99 the getaway (diary of a wimpy kid book 12) book 12 greg heffley and his family are getting out of town. with the cold weather and the stress of the approaching holiday season, the heffleys decide to escape to a tropical island resort for some much-needed rest and relaxation. a few days in paradise should do wonders for greg and his frazzled family. but the heffleys soon discover that paradise isn't everything it's cracked up to be. sun poisoning, stomach troubles, and venomous critters all threaten to ruin the family's vacation. can their trip be saved, or will this island getaway end in disaster? $17.99 diary of a wimpy kid (diary of a wimpy kid #1) book 1 boys don?t keep diaries?or do they? the launch of an exciting and innovatively illustrated new series narrated by an unforgettable kid every family can relate to it?s a new school year, and greg heffley finds himself thrust into middle school, where undersized weaklings share the hallways with kids who are taller, meaner, and already shaving. the hazards of growing up before you?re ready are uniquely revealed through words and drawings as greg records them in his diary. in book one of this debut series, greg is happy to have rowley, his sidekick, along for the ride. but when rowley?s star starts to rise, greg tries to use his best friend?s newfound popularity to his own advantage, kicking off a chain of events that will test their friendship in hilarious fashion. author/illustrator jeff kinney recalls the growing pains of school life and introduces a new kind of hero who epitomizes the challenges of being a kid. as greg says in his diary, ?just don?t expect me to be all ?dear diary? this and ?dear diary? that.?? luckily for us, what greg heffley says he won?t do and what he actually does are two very different things. since its launch in may 2004 on funbrain.com, the web version of diary of a wimpy kid has been viewed by 20 million unique online readers. this year, it is averaging 70,000 readers a day. f&p level: t $17.99 double down (diary of a wimpy kid #11) book 11 the pressure?s really piling up on greg heffley. his mom thinks video games are turning his brain to mush, so she wants her son to put down the controller and explore his ?creative side.? as if that?s not scary enough, halloween?s just around the corner and the frights are coming at greg from every angle. when greg discovers a bag of gummy worms, it sparks an idea. can he get his mom off his back by making a movie . . . and will he become rich and famous in the process? or will doubling down on this plan just double greg?s troubles? $17.99 old school (diary of a wimpy kid #10) book 10 life was better in the old days. or was it? that?s the question greg heffley is asking as his town voluntarily unplugs and goes electronics-free. but modern life has its conveniences, and greg isn?t cut out for an old-fashioned world. with tension building inside and outside the heffley home, will greg find a way to survive? or is going ?old school? just too hard for a kid like greg? $17.99 rodrick rules (diary of a wimpy kid #2) book 2 the highly anticipated sequel to the #1 new york times bestselling book! secrets have a way of getting out, especially when a diary is involved. whatever you do, don?t ask greg heffley how he spent his summer vacation, because he definitely doesn?t want to talk about it. as greg enters the new school year, he?s eager to put the past three months behind him . . . and one event in particular. unfortunately for greg, his older brother, rodrick, knows all about the incident greg wants to keep under wraps. but secrets have a way of getting out . . . especially when a diary is involved. diary of a wimpy kid: rodrick rules chronicles greg?s attempts to navigate the hazards of middle school, impress the girls, steer clear of the school talent show, and most important, keep his secret safe. f&p level: t $17.99 the last straw (diary of a wimpy kid #3) book 3 the highly anticipated third book in the critically acclaimed and bestselling series takes the art of being wimpy to a whole new level. let?s face it: greg heffley will never change his wimpy ways. somebody just needs to explain that to greg?s father. you see, frank heffley actually thinks he can get his son to toughen up, and he enlists greg in organized sports and other ?manly?? endeavors. of course, greg is able to easily sidestep his father?s efforts to change him. but when greg?s dad threatens to send him to military academy, greg realizes he has to shape up . . . or get shipped out. greg and his family and friends, who make the diary of a wimpy kid books a must-read for middle school readers, are back and at their best in this hilarious new installment of the series, which is sure to please current fans while attracting new ones. publishers weekly-1/19/2009:the third book in this genre-busting series is certain to enlarge kinney?s presence on the bestseller lists, where the previous titles have taken up residence for the past two years. kinney?s spot-on humor and winning formula of deadpan text set against cartoons are back in full force. this time, greg starts off on new year?s day (he resolves to ?help other people improve,?? telling his mother, ?i think you should work on chewing your potato chips more quietly??) and ends with summer vacation. as he fends off his father?s attempts to make him more of a man (the threat of military school looms), greg?s hapless adventures include handing out anonymous valentines expressing his true feelings (?dear james, you smell??), attempting to impress his classmate holly and single-handedly wrecking his soccer team?s perfect season. kinney allows himself some insider humor as well, with greg noting the ?racket?? children?s book authors have going. ?all you have to do is make up a character with a snappy name, and then make sure the character learns a lesson at the end of the book.?? greg, self-centered as ever, may be the exception proving that rule. ages 8??12. (jan.) f&p level: t $17.99 dog days (diary of a wimpy kid #4) book 4 it?s summer vacation, the weather?s great, and all the kids are having fun outside. so where?s greg heffley? inside his house, playing video games with the shades drawn. greg, a self-confessed ?indoor person,? is living out his ultimate summer fantasy: no responsibilities and no rules. but greg?s mom has a different vision for an ideal summer . . . one packed with outdoor activities and ?family togetherness.? whose vision will win out? or will a new addition to the heffley family change everything? f&p level: t $17.99 ignite curiosity ara the star engineer & more inspiring stories see more ara the star engineer komal singh this is a stem book and more! an inspiring, inclusive, whimsical way to learn about computers and technology from real-life trailblazers. read the book, download hands-on activities, follow learning resources. visit the website www.arastarengineer.com for more. ara is a young girl who loves big numbers. she wants to count all the stars in the sky? but how? this is an upbeat adventure of ara and her sidekick droid, deedee (?beep!?). they use smarts and grit to solve a big problem and discover an amazing algorithm! a quest that takes them through a whirlwind of intriguing locations at innovation plex -- data centre, ideas lab, coding pods, and x-space. along the way, they encounter real-life women tech trailblazers of diverse backgrounds, including a tenacious troubleshooter, an intrepid innovator, a code commander, and a prolific problem solver. they tinker-and-tailor, build-and-fail, launch-and-iterate, and in the end discover an amazing algorithm of success -- coding, courage, creativity, and collaboration (?beeeeep!?). ara is making a splash with industry ceos and best-selling kids authors. ??if she can see it, she can be it.? with this story, girls can see leaders and be inspired to become one. a book for all ages and genders!? - geena davis, founder and chair, geena davis institute on gender in media $9.95 the fourteenth goldfish jennifer l. holm believe in the possible . . . with this "warm, witty, and wise" new york times bestselling novel from three-time newbery honor winner jennifer l. holm. a perfect read about a child's relationship with her grandfather! galileo. newton. salk. oppenheimer. science can change the world . . . but can it go too far? eleven-year-old ellie has never liked change. she misses fifth grade. she misses her old best friend. she even misses her dearly departed goldfish. then one day a strange boy shows up. he?s bossy. he?s cranky. and weirdly enough . . . he looks a lot like ellie?s grandfather, a scientist who?s always been slightly obsessed with immortality. could this pimply boy really be grandpa melvin? has he finally found the secret to eternal youth? with a lighthearted touch and plenty of humor, jennifer holm celebrates the wonder of science and explores fascinating questions about life and death, family and friendship, immortality . . . and possibility. and don?t miss the much-anticipated sequel, the third mushroom! "warm, witty and wise"?the new york times "awesomely strange and startlingly true-to-life. it makes you wonder what's possible." -- rebecca stead, newbery medal-winning author of when you reach me sunshine state award finalist! $4.99 hidden figures young readers' edition margot lee shetterly the uplifting, amazing true story?a new york times bestseller! this edition of margot lee shetterly?s acclaimed book is perfect for young readers. it's the powerful story of four african-american female mathematicians at nasa who helped achieve some of the greatest moments in our space program. before john glenn orbited the earth, or neil armstrong walked on the moon, a group of dedicated female mathematicians known as ?human computers? used pencils, slide rules, and adding machines to calculate the numbers that would launch rockets, and astronauts, into space. this book brings to life the stories of dorothy vaughan, mary jackson, katherine johnson, and christine darden, who lived through the civil rights era, the space race, the cold war, and the movement for gender equality, and whose work forever changed the face of nasa and the country. $9.99 temple grandin: how the girl who loved cows embraced autism and changed the world sy montgomery when temple grandin was born, her parents knew that she was different. years later she was diagnosed with autism. while temple?s doctor recommended a hospital, her mother believed in her. temple went to school instead. today, dr. temple grandin is a scientist and professor of animal science at colorado state university. her world-changing career revolutionized the livestock industry. as an advocate for autism, temple uses her experience as an example of the unique contributions that autistic people can make. this compelling biography complete with temple?s personal photos takes us inside her extraordinary mind and opens the door to a broader understanding of autism. $12.99$9.99 wonder women: 25 innovators, inventors, and trailblazers who changed history sam maggs a fun and feminist celebration of the forgotten women in science, technology, and beyond?from the bestselling author of the fangirl?s guide to the galaxy you may think you know women?s history pretty well. but have you ever heard of: ? alice ball, the chemist who developed an effective treatment for leprosy?only to have the credit taken by a man? ? mary sherman morgan, the rocket scientist whose liquid fuel compounds blasted the first u.s. satellite into orbit? ? huang daopo, the inventor whose weaving technology revolutionized textile production in china?centuries before the cotton gin? smart women have always been able to achieve amazing things, even when the odds were stacked against them. in wonder women, author sam maggs tells the stories of the brilliant, brainy, and totally rad women in history who broke barriers as scientists, engineers, mathematicians, adventurers, and inventors. plus, interviews with real-life women in stem careers, an extensive bibliography, and a guide to women-centric science and technology organizations?all to show the many ways the geeky girls of today can help to build the future. table of contents: women of science women of medicine women of espionage women of innovation women of adventure $22.99 brown girl dreaming jacqueline woodson a new york times bestseller and national book award winner jacqueline woodson, the acclaimed author of red at the bone, tells the moving story of her childhood in mesmerizing verse. raised in south carolina and new york, woodson always felt halfway home in each place. in vivid poems, she shares what it was like to grow up as an african american in the 1960s and 1970s, living with the remnants of jim crow and her growing awareness of the civil rights movement. touching and powerful, each poem is both accessible and emotionally charged, each line a glimpse into a child?s soul as she searches for her place in the world. woodson?s eloquent poetry also reflects the joy of finding her voice through writing stories, despite the fact that she struggled with reading as a child. her love of stories inspired her and stayed with her, creating the first sparks of the gifted writer she was to become. a national book award winner a newbery honor book a coretta scott king award winner praise for jacqueline woodson: ms. woodson writes with a sure understanding of the thoughts of young people, offering a poetic, eloquent narrative that is not simply a story . . . but a mature exploration of grown-up issues and self-discovery.??the new york times book review $9.99 ada twist, scientist andrea beaty a #1 new york times bestseller a wall street journal bestseller a usa today bestseller the creators of the new york times bestselling picture books rosie revere, engineer and iggy peck, architect are back with a story about the power of curiosity in the hands of a child who is on a mission to use science to understand her world. ada twist, scientist, from powerhouse team andrea beaty and david roberts, is a celebration of stem, perseverance, and passion. like her classmates, builder iggy and inventor rosie, scientist ada, a character of color, has a boundless imagination and has always been hopelessly curious. why are there pointy things stuck to a rose? why are there hairs growing inside your nose? when her house fills with a horrific, toe-curling smell, ada knows it?s up to her to find the source. what would you do with a problem like this? not afraid of failure, ada embarks on a fact-finding mission and conducts scientific experiments, all in the name of discovery. but, this time, her experiments lead to even more stink and get her into trouble! inspired by real-life makers such as ada lovelace and marie curie, ada twist, scientist champions girl power and women scientists, and brings welcome diversity to picture books about girls in science. touching on themes of never giving up and problem solving, ada comes to learn that her questions might not always lead to answers, but rather to more questions. she may never find the source of the stink, but with a supportive family and the space to figure it out, she?ll be able to feed her curiosity in the ways a young scientist should. iggy peck and rosie revere have earned their places among the most beloved children?s characters, and they have inspired countless kids and adults to follow their dreams and passions. now in her own charming and witty picture book, determined ada twist, with her boundless curiosity for science and love of the question ?why?,? is destined to join these two favorites. the book is the perfect tool to remind both young girls and women that they have the intelligence and perseverance to achieve their dreams. $21.95 rosie revere, engineer andrea beaty new york times bestseller rosie may seem quiet during the day, but at night she?s a brilliant inventor of gizmos and gadgets who dreams of becoming a great engineer. when her great-great-aunt rose (rosie the riveter) comes for a visit and mentions her one unfinished goal?to fly?rosie sets to work building a contraption to make her aunt?s dream come true. but when her contraption doesn?t fly but rather hovers for a moment and then crashes, rosie deems the invention a failure. on the contrary, aunt rose insists that rosie?s contraption was a raging success: you can only truly fail, she explains, if you quit. from the powerhouse author-illustrator team of iggy peck, architect comes rosie revere, engineer, another charming, witty picture book about believing in yourself and pursuing your passion. ada twist, scientist, the companion picture book featuring the next kid from iggy peck's class, is available in september 2016.!--?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /-- praise for rosie revere, engineer"comically detailed mixed-media illustrations that keep the mood light and emphasize rosie?s creativity at every turn."?publishers weekly "the detritus of rosie?s collections is fascinating, from broken dolls and stuffed animals to nails, tools, pencils, old lamps and possibly an erector set. and cheddar-cheese spray." ?kirkus reviews "this celebration of creativity and perseverance is told through rhyming text, which gives momentum and steady pacing to a story, consistent with the celebration of its heroine, rosie. she?s an imaginative thinker who hides her light under a bushel (well, really, the bed) after being laughed at for one of her inventions." ?booklist award 2013 parents' choice award - gold 2014 amelia bloomer project list readboston's best read aloud book $18.95 last day on mars book 1 ?last day on mars is thrillingly ambitious and imaginative. like a lovechild of gravity and the martian, it's a rousing space opera for any age, meticulously researched and relentlessly paced, that balances action, science, humor, and most importantly, two compelling main characters in liam and phoebe. a fantastic start to an epic new series.? ?soman chainani, new york times bestselling author of the school for good and evil series ?emerson's writing explodes off the page in this irresistible space adventure, filled with startling plot twists, diabolical aliens, and (my favorite!) courageous young heroes faced with an impossible task.? ?lisa mcmann, new york times bestselling author of the unwanteds series it is earth year 2213?but, of course, there is no earth anymore. not since it was burned to a cinder by the sun, which has mysteriously begun the process of going supernova. the human race has fled to mars, but this was only a temporary solution while we have prepared for a second trip: a one-hundred-fifty-year journey to a distant star, our best guess at where we might find a new home. liam saunders-chang is one of the last humans left on mars. the son of two scientists who have been racing against time to create technology vital to humanity?s survival, liam, along with his friend phoebe, will be on the last starliner to depart before mars, like earth before it, is destroyed. or so he thinks. because before this day is over, liam and phoebe will make a series of profound discoveries about the nature of time and space and find out that the human race is just one of many in our universe locked in a dangerous struggle for survival. $9.99 girls who code: learn to code and change the world reshma saujani new york times bestseller! part how-to, part girl-empowerment, and all fun, from the leader of the movement championed by sheryl sandberg, malala yousafzai, and john legend. since 2012, the organization girls who code has taught computing skills to and inspired over 40,000 girls across america. now its founder, and author brave not perfect, reshma saujani, wants to inspire you to be a girl who codes! bursting with dynamic artwork, down-to-earth explanations of coding principles, and real-life stories of girls and women working at places like pixar and nasa, this graphically animated book shows what a huge role computer science plays in our lives and how much fun it can be. no matter your interest?sports, the arts, baking, student government, social justice?coding can help you do what you love and make your dreams come true. whether you?re a girl who?s never coded before, a girl who codes, or a parent raising one, this entertaining book, printed in bold two-color and featuring art on every page, will have you itching to create your own apps, games, and robots to make the world a better place. $9.99 nickelodeon favourites new releases + more see more mighty pup power! (paw patrol) nickelodeon publishing nickelodeon's paw patrol become super pups after a mysterious meteorite crashes near adventure bay. but can marshall, chase, skye, and the rest of the team stop mayor humdinger from getting powers and using them for his own sneaky purposes? girls and boys ages 3 to 7 will find out in this all-new storybook. this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $6.25 count on the easter pups (paw patrol) nickelodeon publishing an easter storybook starring nickelodeon?s paw patrol! help skye, chase, marshall, and the rest of adventure bay?s amazing pups get ready for easter while learning to count from one to ten. girls and boys ages 0 to 3 who love nickelodeon?s paw patrol will thrill to this storybook. this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $2.49$2.09 mighty twins! (paw patrol) nickelodeon publishing adventure bay is in trouble and it?s up chase, marshall, and the rest of nickelodeon?s paw patrol to save the day! this time they get a little help from two new mighty pups. boys and girls ages 3 to 7 will thrill to this leveled reader. leveled readers feature big type and easy words. rhymes and rhythmic text paired with picture clues help children decode the story. for children who know the alphabet and are eager to begin reading. this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $6.25 dance to the rescue (dora the explorer) nickelodeon publishing oh, no! a mean elf has trapped swiper in a bottle! to save him, dora the explorer has to dance her way to the castle where she can win a wish to set swiper free. will dora be able to dance to swiper's rescue? $5.00 dora loves boots (dora the explorer) nickelodeon publishing it's valentine's day! dora the explorer and boots can't wait to spend it together. they pick a favorite meeting place and set out with map's help. will they find each other on this special day? only with your help! this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $5.00 halloween heroes! (paw patrol) nickelodeon publishing nickelodeon?s paw patrol has a halloween adventure in this storybook. join chase, marshall, skye, and the rest of nickelodeon?s paw patrol for halloween tricks and treats. this storybook is perfect for girls and boys ages 0-3. this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $2.49$2.09 dora saves the snow princess (dora the explorer) nickelodeon publishing join dora the explorer and boots as they jump into a fairy tale to save the snow princess! they have to save the snowy forest from melting away too. but they can't do it without you! $5.00 the great ice race! (blaze and the monster machines) nickelodeon publishing an all-new winter-themed reader featuring nickelodeon?s blaze and the monster machines! blaze and his monster machine friends transform into race cars for a chance to win a wintry race! but troublesome crusher will do anything to win?even cheat! can nickelodeon?s blaze and the monster machines stay cool under pressure as crusher tries to knock the friends off course? boys and girls ages 3 to 7 will thrill to this leveled reader. this reader uses basic vocabulary and short sentences to tell simple stories. for children who recognize familiar words and can sound out new words with help. race into action with blaze and the monster machines! preschoolers will learn about stem (science, technology, engineering, and math) as they help axle city?s greatest hero overcome crusher?s cheating ways and save the day with blazing speed, spectacular stunts, and awesome transformations! this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $6.25 dora and the deep sea (dora the explorer) nickelodeon publishing pirate pig is sad. his treasure chest is lost at the bottom of the sea! can dora the explorer and boots help him find it? see what they come up with in the deep-sea adventure! - level one expands the vocabulary and uses longer sentences for kids who are just starting to read. some level one books also employ rebuses or picture icons. $5.00 rubble's big wish (paw patrol) nickelodeon publishing when the paw patrol finds a magical jack-in-the-box, will all of rubble the pup?s dreams come true? boys and girls ages 4 to 6 will love this step 2 step into reading leveled reader. step 2 readers use basic vocabulary and short sentences to tell simple stories. for children who recognize familiar words and can sound out new words with help. this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $6.25 the newbery award winners & nominees see more bridge to terabithia katherine paterson the 40th anniversary edition of the classic newbery medal-winning title by beloved author katherine paterson, with brand-new bonus materials including an author's note by katherine herself and a foreword by new york times bestselling author kate dicamillo. jess aarons has been practicing all summer so he can be the fastest runner in the fifth grade. and he almost is, until the new girl in school, leslie burke, outpaces him. the two become fast friends and spend most days in the woods behind leslie's house, where they invent an enchanted land called terabithia. one morning, leslie goes to terabithia without jess and a tragedy occurs. it will take the love of his family and the strength that leslie has given him for jess to be able to deal with his grief. bridge to terabithia was also named an ala notable children?s book and has become a touchstone of children?s literature, as have many of katherine paterson?s other novels, including the great gilly hopkins and jacob have i loved. $9.99 charlotte's web e. b. white don?t miss one of america?s top 100 most-loved novels, selected by pbs?s the great american read. this beloved book by e. b. white, author of stuart little and the trumpet of the swan, is a classic of children's literature that is "just about perfect." illustrations in this ebook appear in vibrant full color on a full-color device and in rich black-and-white on all other devices. some pig. humble. radiant. these are the words in charlotte's web, high up in zuckerman's barn. charlotte's spiderweb tells of her feelings for a little pig named wilbur, who simply wants a friend. they also express the love of a girl named fern, who saved wilbur's life when he was born the runt of his litter. e. b. white's newbery honor book is a tender novel of friendship, love, life, and death that will continue to be enjoyed by generations to come. it contains illustrations by garth williams, the acclaimed illustrator of e. b. white's stuart little and laura ingalls wilder's little house series, among many other books. whether enjoyed in the classroom or for homeschooling or independent reading, charlotte's web is a proven favorite. $9.99 when you reach me: (newbery medal winner) rebecca stead "like a wrinkle in time (miranda's favorite book), when you reach me far surpasses the usual whodunit or sci-fi adventure to become an incandescent exploration of 'life, death, and the beauty of it all.'" ?the washington post this newbery medal winner that has been called "smart and mesmerizing," (the new york times) and "superb" (the wall street journal) will appeal to readers of all types, especially those who are looking for a thought-provoking mystery with a mind-blowing twist. shortly after a fall-out with her best friend, sixth grader miranda starts receiving mysterious notes, and she doesn?t know what to do. the notes tell her that she must write a letter?a true story, and that she can?t share her mission with anyone. it would be easy to ignore the strange messages, except that whoever is leaving them has an uncanny ability to predict the future. if that is the case, then miranda has a big problem?because the notes tell her that someone is going to die, and she might be too late to stop it. winner of the boston globe?horn book award for fiction a new york times bestseller and notable book five starred reviews a junior library guild selection "absorbing." ?people "readers ... are likely to find themselves chewing over the details of this superb and intricate tale long afterward." ?the wall street journal "lovely and almost impossibly clever." ?the philadelphia inquirer "it's easy to imagine readers studying miranda's story as many times as she's read l'engle's, and spending hours pondering the provocative questions it raises." ?publishers weekly, starred review $8.99 the war that saved my life kimberly brubaker bradley * newbery honor book * #1 new york times bestseller * winner of the schneider family book award * wall street journal best children's books of the year * new york public library's 100 books for reading and sharing an exceptionally moving story of triumph against all odds set during world war ii, from the acclaimed author of fighting words, and for fans of fish in a tree and number the stars. ten-year-old ada has never left her one-room apartment. her mother is too humiliated by ada?s twisted foot to let her outside. so when her little brother jamie is shipped out of london to escape the war, ada doesn?t waste a minute?she sneaks out to join him. so begins a new adventure for ada, and for susan smith, the woman who is forced to take the two kids in. as ada teaches herself to ride a pony, learns to read, and watches for german spies, she begins to trust susan?and susan begins to love ada and jamie. but in the end, will their bond be enough to hold them together through wartime? or will ada and her brother fall back into the cruel hands of their mother? this masterful work of historical fiction is equal parts adventure and a moving tale of family and identity?a classic in the making. "achingly lovely...nuanced and emotionally acute."?the wall street journal "unforgettable...unflinching."?common sense media ? ?brisk and honest...cause for celebration.? ?kirkus, starred review ? "poignant."?publishers weekly, starred review ? "powerful."?the horn book, starred review "affecting."?booklist "emotionally satisfying...[a] page-turner."?bccb ?exquisitely written...heart-lifting.? ?slj "astounding...this book is remarkable."?karen cushman, author the midwife's apprentice "beautifully told."?patricia maclachlan, author of sarah, plain and tall "i read this novel in two big gulps."?gary d. schmidt, author of okay for now "i love ada's bold heart...her story's riveting."?sheila turnage, author of three times lucky $9.99 holes louis sachar #1 new york times bestseller ? newbery medal winner ? national book award winner dig deep in this award-winning, modern classic that will remind readers that adventure is right around the corner--or just under your feet! stanley yelnats is under a curse. a curse that began with his no-good-dirty-rotten-pig-stealing-great-great-grandfather and has since followed generations of yelnatses. now stanley has been unjustly sent to a boys? detention center, camp green lake, where the boys build character by spending all day, every day digging holes exactly five feet wide and five feet deep. there is no lake at camp green lake. but there are an awful lot of holes. it doesn?t take long for stanley to realize there?s more than character improvement going on at camp green lake. the boys are digging holes because the warden is looking for something. but what could be buried under a dried-up lake? stanley tries to dig up the truth in this inventive and darkly humorous tale of crime and punishment?and redemption. "a smart jigsaw puzzle of a novel." ?new york times *includes a double bonus: an excerpt from small steps, the follow-up to holes, as well as an excerpt from the new york times bestseller fuzzy mud. $7.99 the crossover kwame alexander in this newbery medal?winning middle grade novel in verse, twelve-year-old twins and basketball stars josh and jordan bell must learn to deal with problems on and off the court as they navigate homework, first crushes, family and, of course, basketball. "with a bolt of lightning on my kicks . . .the court is sizzling. my sweat is drizzling. stop all that quivering. cuz tonight i?m delivering," announces dread-locked, 12-year old josh bell. he and his twin brother jordan are awesome on the court. but josh has more than basketball in his blood, he's got mad beats, too, that tell his family's story in verse, in this fast and furious middle grade novel of family and brotherhood from kwame alexander. josh and jordan must come to grips with growing up on and off the court to realize breaking the rules comes at a terrible price, as their story's heart-stopping climax proves a game-changer for the entire family. $8.99 a wrinkle in time book 1 madeleine l'engle's ground-breaking science fiction and fantasy classic, now a major motion picture. it was a dark and stormy night; meg murry, her small brother charles wallace, and her mother had come down to the kitchen for a midnight snack when they were upset by the arrival of a most disturbing stranger. "wild nights are my glory," the unearthly stranger told them. "i just got caught in a downdraft and blown off course. let me sit down for a moment, and then i'll be on my way. speaking of ways, by the way, there is such a thing as a tesseract." a tesseract (in case the reader doesn't know) is a wrinkle in time. to tell more would rob the reader of the enjoyment of miss l'engle's unusual book. a wrinkle in time, winner of the newbery medal in 1963, is the story of the adventures in space and time of meg, charles wallace, and calvin o'keefe (athlete, student, and one of the most popular boys in high school). they are in search of meg's father, a scientist who disappeared while engaged in secret work for the government on the tesseract problem. a wrinkle in time is the winner of the 1963 newbery medal. it is the first book in the time quintet, which consists of a wrinkle in time, a wind in the door, a swiftly tilting planet, many waters, and an acceptable time. a wrinkle in time is now a movie from disney, directed by ava duvernay, starring storm reid, oprah winfrey, reese witherspoon and mindy kaling. this title has common core connections. books by madeleine l'engle a wrinkle in time quintet a wrinkle in time a wind in the door a swiftly tilting planet many waters an acceptable time a wrinkle in time: the graphic novel by madeleine l'engle; adapted & illustrated by hope larson intergalactic p.s. 3 by madeleine l'engle; illustrated by hope larson: a standalone story set in the world of a wrinkle in time. the austin family chronicles meet the austins (volume 1) the moon by night (volume 2) the young unicorns (volume 3) a ring of endless light (volume 4) a newbery honor book! troubling a star (volume 5) the polly o'keefe books the arm of the starfish dragons in the waters a house like a lotus and both were young camilla the joys of love $7.99 number the stars lois lowry the unforgettable newbery medal?winning novel from lois lowry. as the german troops begin their campaign to "relocate" all the jews of denmark, annemarie johansen?s family takes in annemarie?s best friend, ellen rosen, and conceals her as part of the family. through the eyes of ten-year-old annemarie, we watch as the danish resistance smuggles almost the entire jewish population of denmark, nearly seven thousand people, across the sea to sweden. the heroism of an entire nation reminds us that there was pride and human decency in the world even during a time of terror and war. a modern classic of historical fiction, number the stars has won generations of fans. "readers are taken to the very heart of annemarie's experience, and, through her eyes, come to understand the true meaning of bravery." (school library journal) $8.99 hoot carl hiaasen this newbery honor winner and #1 new york times bestseller is a beloved modern classic. hoot features a new kid and his new bully, alligators, some burrowing owls, a renegade eco-avenger, and several extremely poisonous snakes. everybody loves mother paula's pancakes. everybody, that is, except the colony of cute but endangered owls that live on the building site of the new restaurant. can the awkward new kid and his feral friend prank the pancake people out of town? or is the owls' fate cemented in pancake batter? welcome to carl hiaasen's florida?where the creatures are wild and the people are wilder! $1.99 one crazy summer rita williams-garcia in this newbery honor novel, new york times bestselling author rita williams-garcia tells the story of three sisters who travel to oakland, california, in 1968 to meet the mother who abandoned them. a strong option for summer reading?take this book along on a family road trip or enjoy it at home. this moving, funny novel won the scott o'dell award for historical fiction and the coretta scott king award and was a national book award finalist. delphine, vonetta, and fern's story continues in p.s. be eleven and gone crazy in alabama. readers who enjoy christopher paul curtis's the watsons go to birmingham and jacqueline woodson?s brown girl dreaming will find much to love in one crazy summer. rita williams-garcia's books about delphine, vonetta, and fern can also be read alongside nonfiction explorations of american history such as jason reynolds's and ibram x. kendi's books. in one crazy summer, eleven-year-old delphine is like a mother to her two younger sisters, vonetta and fern. she's had to be, ever since their mother, cecile, left them seven years ago for a radical new life in california. but when the sisters arrive from brooklyn to spend the summer with their mother, cecile is nothing like they imagined. while the girls hope to go to disneyland and meet tinker bell, their mother sends them to a day camp run by the black panthers. unexpectedly, delphine, vonetta, and fern learn much about their family, their country, and themselves during one truly crazy summer. this novel was the first featured title for marley d?s reading party, launched after the success of #1000blackgirlbooks. maria russo, in a new york times list of "great kids' books with diverse characters," called it "witty and original." "this vibrant and moving award-winning novel has heart to spare," commented olugbemisola rhuday-perkovich in her brightly article "knowing our history to build a brighter future: books to help kids understand the fight for racial equality." $9.99 customer favourites top-rated reads for kids see more sonic the hedgehog 2: the official movie pre-quill kiel phegley catch up with sonic and friends?if you can?in this exclusive prequel to 2022's most anticipated family film! life is good in green hills for sonic the hedgehog . . . maybe too good. he's starting to get bored, and when sonic gets bored, things become a lot less boring for everyone else?fast! quicker than you can say "chili dog," the fastest thing alive is saving the day and causing all sorts of chaos along the way! plus, new and returning characters starring in the sonic the hedgehog 2 film take the lead in stories of their own! $8.75$7.35 harry potter and the half-blood prince book 6 there it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark death eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building... wherever they had murdered... when dumbledore arrives at privet drive one summer night to collect harry potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and hogwarts itself is not safe. harry is convinced that malfoy bears the dark mark: there is a death eater amongst them. harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores voldemort's darkest secrets, and dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny... having become classics of our time, the harry potter ebooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new readers. $10.99 charlotte's web e. b. white don?t miss one of america?s top 100 most-loved novels, selected by pbs?s the great american read. this beloved book by e. b. white, author of stuart little and the trumpet of the swan, is a classic of children's literature that is "just about perfect." illustrations in this ebook appear in vibrant full color on a full-color device and in rich black-and-white on all other devices. some pig. humble. radiant. these are the words in charlotte's web, high up in zuckerman's barn. charlotte's spiderweb tells of her feelings for a little pig named wilbur, who simply wants a friend. they also express the love of a girl named fern, who saved wilbur's life when he was born the runt of his litter. e. b. white's newbery honor book is a tender novel of friendship, love, life, and death that will continue to be enjoyed by generations to come. it contains illustrations by garth williams, the acclaimed illustrator of e. b. white's stuart little and laura ingalls wilder's little house series, among many other books. whether enjoyed in the classroom or for homeschooling or independent reading, charlotte's web is a proven favorite. $9.99 borders thomas king a people magazine best book fall 2021 from celebrated indigenous author thomas king and award-winning m?tis artist natasha donovan comes a powerful graphic novel about a family caught between nations. borders is a masterfully told story of a boy and his mother whose road trip is thwarted at the border when they identify their citizenship as blackfoot. refusing to identify as either american or canadian first bars their entry into the us, and then their return into canada. in the limbo between countries, they find power in their connection to their identity and to each other. borders explores nationhood from an indigenous perspective and resonates deeply with themes of identity, justice, and belonging. $11.99 harry potter and the philosopher's stone book 1 turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger and a snake surrounding a large letter 'h'. harry potter has never even heard of hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, privet drive. addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. then, on harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle-eyed giant of a man called rubeus hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news: harry potter is a wizard, and he has a place at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. an incredible adventure is about to begin! having become classics of our time, the harry potter ebooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new readers. $10.99 amari and the night brothers book 1 new york times bestseller! artemis fowl meets men in black in this exhilarating debut middle grade fantasy, the first in a trilogy filled with #blackgirlmagic. perfect for fans of tristan strong punches a hole in the sky, the percy jackson series, and nevermoor. amari peters has never stopped believing her missing brother, quinton, is alive. not even when the police told her otherwise, or when she got in trouble for standing up to bullies who said he was gone for good. so when she finds a ticking briefcase in his closet, containing a nomination for a summer tryout at the bureau of supernatural affairs, she?s certain the secretive organization holds the key to locating quinton?if only she can wrap her head around the idea of magicians, fairies, aliens, and other supernatural creatures all being real. now she must compete for a spot against kids who?ve known about magic their whole lives. no matter how hard she tries, amari can?t seem to escape their intense doubt and scrutiny?especially once her supernaturally enhanced talent is deemed ?illegal.? with an evil magician threatening the supernatural world, and her own classmates thinking she?s an enemy, amari has never felt more alone. but if she doesn?t stick it out and pass the tryouts, she may never find out what happened to quinton. plus don't miss the thrilling sequel, amari and the great game! $11.99 the trials of apollo, book three: the burning maze rick riordan the formerly glorious god apollo, cast down to earth in punishment by zeus, is now an awkward mortal teenager named lester papadopoulos. in order to regain his place on mount olympus, lester must restore five oracles that have gone dark. but he has to achieve this impossible task without having any godly powers and while being duty-bound to a confounding young daughter of demeter named meg. thanks a lot, dad. with the help of some demigod friends, lester managed to survive his first two trials, one at camp half-blood, and one in indianapolis, where meg received the dark prophecy. the words she uttered while seated on the throne of memory revealed that an evil triumvirate of roman emperors plans to attack camp jupiter. while leo flies ahead on festus to warn the roman camp, lester and meg must go through the labyrinth to find the third emperor--and an oracle who speaks in word puzzles--somewhere in the american southwest. there is one glimmer of hope in the gloom-filled prophecy: the cloven guide alone the way does know. they will have a satyr companion, and meg knows just who to call upon. . . . $8.99 harry potter and the deathly hallows book 7 'give me harry potter,' said voldemort's voice, 'and none shall be harmed. give me harry potter, and i shall leave the school untouched. give me harry potter, and you will be rewarded.' as he climbs into the sidecar of hagrid's motorbike and takes to the skies, leaving privet drive for the last time, harry potter knows that lord voldemort and the death eaters are not far behind. the protective charm that has kept harry safe until now is broken, but he cannot keep hiding. the dark lord is breathing fear into everything harry loves and to stop him harry will have to find and destroy the remaining horcruxes. the final battle must begin - harry must stand and face his enemy... having become classics of our time, the harry potter ebooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. with their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the boy who lived continues to delight generations of new readers. $10.99 his dark materials omnibus: the golden compass; the subtle knife; the amber spyglass philip pullman his dark materials is now an hbo original series starring dafne keen, ruth wilson, james mcavoy, and lin-manuel miranda! the golden compass, the subtle knife, and the amber spyglass are available together in one volume perfect for any fan or newcomer to this modern fantasy classic series that has graced the new york times, wall street journal, san francisco chronicle, book sense, and publishers weekly bestseller lists. these thrilling adventures tell the story of lyra and will?two ordinary children on a perilous journey through shimmering haunted otherworlds. they will meet witches and armored bears, fallen angels and soul-eating specters. and in the end, the fate of both the living?and the dead?will rely on them. phillip pullman?s spellbinding his dark materials trilogy has captivated readers for over twenty years and won acclaim at every turn. it will have you questioning everything you know about your world and wondering what really lies just out of reach. honors and praise for his dark materials: an entertainment weekly all-time greatest novel a newsweek top 100 book of all time "arguably the best juvenile fantasy novel of the past twenty years." ?the washington post "very grand indeed." ?the new york times ?pullman is quite possibly a genius.? ?newsweek don't miss philip pullman's epic new trilogy set in the world of his dark materials! ** the book of dust ** la belle sauvage the secret commonwealth $22.99 the pink fairy book: complete and unabridged book 5 "some of the first, and best, stories we ever hear in our lives."?washington post the pink fairy book has been admired time and time again, enchanting readers with its carefully crafted prose and eclectic assortment of fairy tales. originally published in 1897, this collection of celebrated tales has stood the test of time. some of the famous stories included are the princess in the chest the snow-queen the water of life the wounded lion the two brothers the merry wives and many more! this beautiful edition comes complete with the original illustrations by golden age illustrator henry j. ford, and is the perfect gift to pass on these timeless classics to the next generation of readers and dreamers. the imaginations of children throughout time have been formed and nurtured by stories passed down from generation to generation. of the countless genres of stories, fairy tales often conjure the most vivid, fantastical worlds and ideas, which cultivate creativity and bring elements of magic back into the real world. the fairy books, compiled by famous scottish novelist and poet andrew lang, are widely considered among some of the best collections ever compiled. $13.99$1.99 books on screen goosebumps & more faves see more jem and the holograms movie handbook howie dewin the hit tv series and bestselling doll from the 80s is back in a live-action movie from universal and hasbro! in theaters everywhere october 23, 2015. every generation has a voice. want to find out who you really are - and who you really want to be? we're jerrica, aja, kimber, and shana - a.k.a. jem and the holograms. inside this book, we took turns learning and sharing stuff about ourselves. and now we're going to help you do the same! so what are you waiting for? your life is out there! ** packed with 64 pages of pictures from the movie, plus a pullout poster!** $6.99$5.38 the good dinosaur: the junior novelization disney books what if the asteroid that changed life on earth has missed the planet?and giant dinosaurs had never become extinct? meet arlo, a good-natured dinosaur who's trying to find his place in the world, except he's afraid of almost everything. when tragedy strikes, that scared little dinosaur has some big-time growing up to do. complete with pterodactyl chases, t. rex run-ins, and an unlikely friendship with a human boy, the good dinosaur: the junior novelization retells arlo's exciting journey and includes eight pages of full-color art from the movie! $4.99 disney classic stories: the good dinosaur: a disney storybook with audio disney books read along with disney! arlo the dinosaur is frightened by just about everything! one day, when a human boy steals food from arlo's family farm, he chases the boy, hoping to prove his courage and make his family proud. but when arlo and the boy fall into a river and are washed ashore, far from home, the two become unlikely friends. follow along with word-for-word narration as arlo and his friend spot work together to find their way home! $4.99 frozen junior novel disney books walt disney animation studios' frozen is the story of anna, who sets off on an epic journey to save her kingdom. teaming up with an adventurer named kristoff and his reindeer, sven, anna searches for her sister, elsa, whose icy powers have trapped the kingdom in eternal winter. enjoy this retelling with eight pages of full-color scenes from the film! $4.99 jurassic world special edition junior novelization (jurassic world) david lewman jurassic world is the long-awaited next installment of the groundbreaking jurassic park series. t. rex?s, velociraptors, triceratops?as well as some all-new dinosaurs?will roar across the screen in this epic action-adventure directed by colin trevorrow starring chris pratt, bryce dallas howard, ty simpkins and nick robinson! jurassic world the special edition movie novelization retells the whole exciting adventure and features sixteen pages of full-color scenes from the movie. $10.99 max: best friend. hero. marine. jennifer li shotz the new york times bestselling movie novelization?a powerful story about a special dog and what it means to be a hero that more and more readers have discovered when justin's older brother, kyle, is killed in afghanistan, justin can't believe that his brother is really gone. except there's one thing that kyle left behind?. max is a highly trained military canine who has always protected his fellow soldiers. but when he loses his handler and best friend, kyle, max is traumatized and unable to remain in the service. he is sent home to america, where the only human he connects with is justin, and he is soon adopted by kyle's family, essentially saving his life. at first justin has no interest in taking care of his late brother's troubled dog. however, the two learn to trust each other, which helps the four-legged veteran become his heroic self once more. as the pair start to unravel the mystery of what really happened to kyle, they find more excitement?and danger?than they bargained for. but they might also find an unlikely new best friend in each other. $8.99 the lightning thief rick riordan percy jackson is about to be kicked out of boarding school...again. and that's the least of his troubles. lately, mythological monsters and the gods of mount olympus seem to be walking straight out of the pages of percy's greek mythology textbook and into his life. book #1 in the nyt best-selling series, with cover art from the feature film, the lightning thief. $6.99 frozen read-along storybook disney books when the kingdom she loves is trapped in an eternal winter, it is up to anna and the daring mountain man kristoff to set out on an adventure filled with danger, magical creatures and a hilarious snowman in order to find her sister, the snow queen. based on the disney film, frozen, this enhanced storybook features thrilling sound effects, word-for-word narration, and original movie voices! $5.99 wreck-it ralph movie storybook disney books adapted from disney's hit movie, wreck-it ralph, this storybook retells the story of ralph, a video game bad guy who desperately wants to be a good guy in hopes of winning friends and respect. he leaves his own game and soon is accidentally wrecking other games in the arcade. his only hope lies with vanellope von schweetz, a young trouble-making "glitch" from a candy go-kart racing game. can ralph learn how to be a true good guy before the entire arcade is destroyed? $8.99 tomorrowland junior novel disney books bound by a shared destiny, a teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor embark on a mission to unearth the secrets of a place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory. this junior novel is based on the high-anticipated walt disney studios film, tomorrowland, and includes a full-color photo insert! $5.99 inspiring stories & courageous characters see more fish in a tree lynda mullaly hunt a new york times bestseller! the author of the beloved one for the murphys gives readers an emotionally-charged, uplifting novel that will speak to anyone who?s ever thought there was something wrong with them because they didn?t fit in. ?everybody is smart in different ways. but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its life believing it is stupid.? ally has been smart enough to fool a lot of smart people. every time she lands in a new school, she is able to hide her inability to read by creating clever yet disruptive distractions. she is afraid to ask for help; after all, how can you cure dumb? however, her newest teacher mr. daniels sees the bright, creative kid underneath the trouble maker. with his help, ally learns not to be so hard on herself and that dyslexia is nothing to be ashamed of. as her confidence grows, ally feels free to be herself and the world starts opening up with possibilities. she discovers that there?s a lot more to her?and to everyone?than a label, and that great minds don?t always think alike. $9.99 wonder r. j. palacio #1 new york times bestseller ? millions of people have fallen in love with auggie pullman, an ordinary boy with an extraordinary face?who shows us that kindness brings us together no matter how far apart we are. read the book that inspired the choose kind movement, a major motion picture, and the critically acclaimed graphic novel white bird. and don't miss r.j. palacio's highly anticipated new novel, pony, available now! i won't describe what i look like. whatever you're thinking, it's probably worse. august pullman was born with a facial difference that, up until now, has prevented him from going to a mainstream school. starting 5th grade at beecher prep, he wants nothing more than to be treated as an ordinary kid?but his new classmates can?t get past auggie?s extraordinary face. beginning from auggie?s point of view and expanding to include his classmates, his sister, her boyfriend, and others, the perspectives converge to form a portrait of one community?s struggle with empathy, compassion, and acceptance. in a world where bullying among young people is an epidemic, this is a refreshing new narrative full of heart and hope. r.j. palacio has called her debut novel ?a meditation on kindness? ?indeed, every reader will come away with a greater appreciation for the simple courage of friendship. auggie is a hero to root for, a diamond in the rough who proves that you can?t blend in when you were born to stand out. $11.99 when you reach me: (newbery medal winner) rebecca stead "like a wrinkle in time (miranda's favorite book), when you reach me far surpasses the usual whodunit or sci-fi adventure to become an incandescent exploration of 'life, death, and the beauty of it all.'" ?the washington post this newbery medal winner that has been called "smart and mesmerizing," (the new york times) and "superb" (the wall street journal) will appeal to readers of all types, especially those who are looking for a thought-provoking mystery with a mind-blowing twist. shortly after a fall-out with her best friend, sixth grader miranda starts receiving mysterious notes, and she doesn?t know what to do. the notes tell her that she must write a letter?a true story, and that she can?t share her mission with anyone. it would be easy to ignore the strange messages, except that whoever is leaving them has an uncanny ability to predict the future. if that is the case, then miranda has a big problem?because the notes tell her that someone is going to die, and she might be too late to stop it. winner of the boston globe?horn book award for fiction a new york times bestseller and notable book five starred reviews a junior library guild selection "absorbing." ?people "readers ... are likely to find themselves chewing over the details of this superb and intricate tale long afterward." ?the wall street journal "lovely and almost impossibly clever." ?the philadelphia inquirer "it's easy to imagine readers studying miranda's story as many times as she's read l'engle's, and spending hours pondering the provocative questions it raises." ?publishers weekly, starred review $8.99 the war that saved my life kimberly brubaker bradley * newbery honor book * #1 new york times bestseller * winner of the schneider family book award * wall street journal best children's books of the year * new york public library's 100 books for reading and sharing an exceptionally moving story of triumph against all odds set during world war ii, from the acclaimed author of fighting words, and for fans of fish in a tree and number the stars. ten-year-old ada has never left her one-room apartment. her mother is too humiliated by ada?s twisted foot to let her outside. so when her little brother jamie is shipped out of london to escape the war, ada doesn?t waste a minute?she sneaks out to join him. so begins a new adventure for ada, and for susan smith, the woman who is forced to take the two kids in. as ada teaches herself to ride a pony, learns to read, and watches for german spies, she begins to trust susan?and susan begins to love ada and jamie. but in the end, will their bond be enough to hold them together through wartime? or will ada and her brother fall back into the cruel hands of their mother? this masterful work of historical fiction is equal parts adventure and a moving tale of family and identity?a classic in the making. "achingly lovely...nuanced and emotionally acute."?the wall street journal "unforgettable...unflinching."?common sense media ? ?brisk and honest...cause for celebration.? ?kirkus, starred review ? "poignant."?publishers weekly, starred review ? "powerful."?the horn book, starred review "affecting."?booklist "emotionally satisfying...[a] page-turner."?bccb ?exquisitely written...heart-lifting.? ?slj "astounding...this book is remarkable."?karen cushman, author the midwife's apprentice "beautifully told."?patricia maclachlan, author of sarah, plain and tall "i read this novel in two big gulps."?gary d. schmidt, author of okay for now "i love ada's bold heart...her story's riveting."?sheila turnage, author of three times lucky $9.99 out of my mind sharon m. draper a new york times bestseller for three years and counting! ?a gutsy, candid, and compelling story. it speaks volumes.? ?school library journal (starred review) ?unflinching and realistic.? ?kirkus reviews (starred review) from award-winning author sharon draper comes a story that will forever change how we all look at anyone with a disability, perfect for fans of rj palacio?s wonder. eleven-year-old melody is not like most people. she can?t walk. she can?t talk. she can?t write. all because she has cerebral palsy. but she also has a photographic memory; she can remember every detail of everything she has ever experienced. she?s the smartest kid in her whole school, but no one knows it. most people?her teachers, her doctors, her classmates?dismiss her as mentally challenged because she can?t tell them otherwise. but melody refuses to be defined by her disability. and she?s determined to let everyone know it?somehow. $9.99 a long walk to water: based on a true story linda sue park cherished by millions of readers, this #1 new york times best-selling novel is a powerful tale of perseverance and hope. newbery medalist linda sue park interweaves the stories of two sudanese children who overcome mortal dangers to improve their lives and the lives of others. a long walk to water begins as two stories, told in alternating sections, about two eleven-year-olds in sudan, a girl in 2008 and a boy in 1985. the girl, nya, is fetching water from a pond that is two hours? walk from her home: she makes two trips to the pond every day. the boy, salva, becomes one of the ?lost boys? of sudan, refugees who cover the african continent on foot as they search for their families and for a safe place to stay. enduring every hardship from loneliness to attack by armed rebels to contact with killer lions and crocodiles, salva is a survivor, and his story goes on to intersect with nya?s in an astonishing and moving way. includes an afterword by author linda sue park and the real-life salva dut, on whom the novel is based, and who went on to found water for south sudan. $9.99 loser jerry spinelli from renowned newbery-winning author jerry spinelli comes a powerful story about how not fitting in just might lead to an incredible life. this classic book is perfect for fans of gordon korman and carl hiaasen. just like other kids, zinkoff rides his bike, hopes for snow days, and wants to be like his dad when he grows up. but zinkoff also raises his hand with all the wrong answers, trips over his own feet, and falls down with laughter over a word like "jabip." other kids have their own word to describe him, but zinkoff is too busy to hear it. he doesn't know he's not like everyone else. and one winter night, zinkoff's differences show that any name can someday become "hero." with some of his finest writing to date and great wit and humor, jerry spinelli creates a story about a boy's individuality surpassing the need to fit in and the genuine importance of failure. as readers follow zinkoff from first through sixth grade, it becomes impossible not to identify with and root for him through failures and triumphs. the perfect classroom read. $9.99 rules (scholastic gold) cynthia lord this newbery honor book is a heartfelt and witty story about feeling different and finding acceptance--beyond the rules. rules joins the scholastic gold line, which features award-winning and beloved novels. includes exclusive bonus content!twelve-year-old catherine just wants a normal life. which is near impossible when you have a brother with autism and a family that revolves around his disability. she's spent years trying to teach david the rules from "a peach is not a funny-looking apple" to "keep your pants on in public" -- in order to head off david's embarrassing behaviors.but the summer catherine meets jason, a surprising, new sort-of friend, and kristi, the next-door friend she's always wished for, it's her own shocking behavior that turns everything upside down and forces her to ask: what is normal? $7.99$6.15 firegirl tony abbott this poignant novel about a boy's friendship with a burn victim is perfect for fans of r. j. palacio's wonder from the moment jessica arrives, life is never quite the same for tom and his seventh-grade classmates. they learn that jessica has been in a fire and was badly burned, and will be attending st. catherine's will receiving medical treatments. despite her appearance and the fear she evokes in him and most of the class, tom slowly develops a tentative friendship with jessica that changes his life. this quietly powerful novel demonstrates that a small gesture can make a huge impact in someone's life. $8.99$1.99 el deafo cece bell a 2015 newbery honor book & new york times bestseller! going to school and making new friends can be tough. but going to school and making new friends while wearing a bulky hearing aid strapped to your chest? that requires superpowers! in this funny, poignant graphic novel memoir, author/illustrator cece bell chronicles her hearing loss at a young age and her subsequent experiences with the phonic ear, a very powerful?and very awkward?hearing aid. the phonic ear gives cece the ability to hear?sometimes things she shouldn?t?but also isolates her from her classmates. she really just wants to fit in and find a true friend, someone who appreciates her as she is. after some trouble, she is finally able to harness the power of the phonic ear and become ?el deafo, listener for all.? and more importantly, declare a place for herself in the world and find the friend she?s longed for. $24.95 top picture books from eloise to clifford see more how the crayons saved the unicorn book 2 can a lost box of crayons help a lonely unicorn regain his color? a shy unicorn has a hard time making friends. in his sadness, his colors start to fade away until they are gone completely. worrying that he may never get back his colors or make true friends, the unicorn finds himself lost and alone. it is not until he comes across a group of spunky crayons that his world changes. the crayons band together to help their new friend get back his colors, and in the process play and have fun. the crayons? helping generosity and friendship may just be what the unicorn has been missing! how the crayons saved the unicorn is the all-new, colorful friendship book from the plucky crayons who brought you how the crayons saved the rainbow. how the crayons saved the unicorn teaches the importance of friendship and self-confidence through seven crayons with unique personalities and their hopes to help a friend in need. $17.99 bulldozer's shapes: goodnight, goodnight, construction site sherri duskey rinker time for the construction site to shape up! little construction fans will love learning their shapes by watching bulldozer circle around, clearing away triangles of dirt until the perfect building spot has been squared away. it's all in a day's work for the trucks of the bestselling goodnight, goodnight, construction site! $6.99 peppa's easter egg hunt (peppa pig) scholastic it's springtime, and grandpa pig has set up an easter egg hunt for peppa pig and her friends! join peppa, rebecca rabbit, and freddy fox as they search for delicious chocolate eggs and even see baby chicks hatching in the yard! $3.99$3.03 count on the easter pups (paw patrol) nickelodeon publishing an easter storybook starring nickelodeon?s paw patrol! help skye, chase, marshall, and the rest of adventure bay?s amazing pups get ready for easter while learning to count from one to ten. girls and boys ages 0 to 3 who love nickelodeon?s paw patrol will thrill to this storybook. this nickelodeon read-along contains audio narration. $2.49$2.09 the pool penguin young readers licenses join bluey and bingo on a trip to the pool for some fun in the sun! based on the on the wildly successful animated series, bluey, as seen on disney+ bluey, bingo, and dad head to the pool. what could go wrong? find out in this beautiful picture book adventure. $6.99 excavator's 123: goodnight, goodnight, construction site sherri duskey rinker the construction crew is counting on excavator, and he won't let them down! little readers can count along from 1 to 10 as excavator revs into action on the construction site. ready? 1, 2, 3 . . . go! $6.99 frozen 2: welcome home disney books read along with disney! one of arendelle?s most honorable officers, lieutenant mattias, returns home after years away to discover everything is different. follow along with word-for-word narration as anna takes him on a tour of arendelle where mattias sees that even after the most exciting adventures, the most wonderful place to return to is home! $4.99 bedtime for peppa (peppa pig) scholastic it is bedtime for peppa and george, but the little piggies are not sleepy! they must take their bath, brush their teeth, and listen to a story before they can have sweet dreams. join peppa and george on an adorable bedtime-themed tale in this storybook based on the hit nick jr. show! $3.99$3.03 elmo's potty time (sesame street) caleb burroughs elmo is learning how to use the potty. you can do it, too! $0.99 panda bear, panda bear, what do you see? bill martin, jr. the author and illustrator team behind the classic brown bear, brown bear, what do you see? turn their extraordinary talents ot the theme of animal conservation. thirty-five years after their first groundbreaking collaboration, the creators of brown bear, brown bear, what do you see? and polar bear, polar bear, what do you hear? reunite to address the important topic of animal conservation. a bald eagle soars, a spider monkey swings, a macaroni penguin struts, and a red wolf sneaks through bill martin jr's rhythmic text and eric carle's vibrant images, and all are watched over by our best hope for the future-a dreaming child. panda bear, panda bear, what do you see? is a 2004 bank street - best children's book of the year. $9.99 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
