http://www.uwindsor.ca/itshelp
client portal home
 updating... skip to main content filter your search by category. current category: all all knowledge base service catalog questions search sign in show applications menu client portal sign in search home | help | services knowledge base questions more applications covid-19 updates new to the u? ask a question open a ticket view your tickets change password system status and notifications impending google services retirement cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. security vulnerability for spss users uwinsite student reboot firewall update nov 25 6:00-7:30am (complete) updated: uwinsite student performance issues uwinsite student: unavailable 6 p.m. nov 18 to nov 22 - resolved welcome to uwindsor self-service client portal this portal aims to empower faculty, staff and students to ask questions as well as find answers and solutions to common it issues related to uwindsor?s systems and applications in a time-efficient manner. campus community members can also use this portal to submit their service requests and report issuesreport issues by opening tickets for each of the services listed in our service catalogue. clients can then track progress on their tickets and provide feedback directly to staff assigned to work on their tickets. click on the link for an overview of the uwin self service portal. [...more ] popular articles how do i remove a shared mailbox from outlook? how can i see who is in a group or mailing list before i send an e-mail message in outlook? known issue: globalprotect on macos stuck at connecting how to i reset ms outlook desktop app on windows pc? sign in troubleshooting tips what do i do if i forgot my uwin account password? connect to cei2105 lab remotely known issue: your account doesn't allow editing on a mac. what is the difference between a group and distribution list in office 365? how can i tell which distribution lists and groups a person belongs to in office 365? it service desk hours of operation contact us at 519-253-3000 ext. 4440 or submit a ticket. please note: in an effort to protect the health and safety of university faculty, staff and students, the it service desk will be closed for in-person help until further notice. uwin account click the sign in link in the top right corner next to the search bar and sign in with you uwin account to optimise your experience with our portal. ? uwin account services ? my uwin account forgot your password? ? reset forgotten password ? update security questions don't have uwin account? you can click here to open a ticket without signing in. ? activate uwin account powered by teamdynamix | site map
