https://play.google.com/store/books/category/coll_1401
comics - books on google play sign in hidden fields search books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide comics ebooks arts biographies & memoirs business & investing computers & technology cooking, food & wine fantasy fiction & literature health & fitness health, mind & body history home & garden humor mystery & thrillers poetry politics & current events reference religion & spirituality romance science science fiction sports travel young adult audiobooks arts & entertainment biographies & memoirs business & investing fiction & literature health, mind & body history language instruction mystery & thrillers religion & spirituality romance science & technology science fiction & fantasy self-help sports travel young adult comics general anthologies contemporary women crime & mystery fantasy horror literary manga media tie-in science fiction superheroes children's books ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 action & adventure animals & nature comics early learning education fiction growing up history & biographies mysteries science fiction & fantasy sports subgenres general anthologies contemporary women crime & mystery fantasy horror literary manga media tie-in science fiction superheroes top ebooks in comics see more chronicles of an aristocrat reborn in another world (manga) vol 4 cain von silford was reincarnated as the son of an aristocrat and blessed by mischievous gods with divine protection and immense power. all he wants is to lead a normal life, but he's pressed to reveal his past to a select few--including the king--who promise to keep his secret. now cain can join the adventurers' guild and take the exam for the royal academy. time to strike out and learn more about his new world! $12.72 i was reincarnated as the villainess in an otome game but the boys love me anyway! vol 2 fated to die as the villainess of an otome game, mystia sets out to change her own unhappy ending! mystia aren is the daughter of a noble family, and she just started high school. she?s surrounded by a group of adoring classmates and her charming fianc?. everything seems perfect. except that this world is actually a dating sim called kyun-love, and mystia knows she's been reincarnated into the role of the main character's evil rival! mystia is determined to do everything she can to avoid her fate, but it?s not as easy as it sounds. especially when all the boys keep falling in love with her! $9.98 berserk vol 1 created by kentaro miura, berserk is manga mayhem to the extreme - violent, horrifying, and mercilessly funny - and the wellspring for the internationally popular anime series. not for the squeamish or the easily offended, berserk asks for no quarter - and offers none! his name is guts, the black swordsman, a feared warrior spoken of only in whispers. bearer of a gigantic sword, an iron hand, and the scars of countless battles and tortures, his flesh is also indelibly marked with the brand, an unholy symbol that draws the forces of darkness to him and dooms him as their sacrifice. but guts won't take his fate lying down; he'll cut a crimson swath of carnage through the ranks of the damned - and anyone else foolish enough to oppose him! accompanied by puck the elf, more an annoyance than a companion, guts relentlessly follows a dark, bloodstained path that leads only to death...or vengeance. $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 3 guts, the feared black swordsman, finishes his desperate battle with the monstrous count, cutting and blasting him to gory scraps when the presence of the count's daughter makes the monster hesitate. but guts won't even have the time to clean his gigantic sword when the count's dying pleas activate the behelit, summoning the five god hands, demon lords of immeasurable power. guts' journey so far has been a long road of pain and death, but that's a walk in the park compared to fighting his way out of hell itself! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 4 now that the evil count has been killed and dragged to hell by the demon lords of the godhand, guts, the black swordsman, hooks up with his former benefactor, the mercenary gambino. but it?s a deadly reunion, one that nearly takes guts? life. the following years see guts wandering from battlefield to battlefield, where his awesome skills as a slayer catch the eye of both warring parties, including the legendary griffith, warrior leader of the band of the hawk, who is eager to test his combat skills against those of the black swordsman. as usual, anytime that guts is involved there will be hell to pay! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 2 the evil count uses his dark powers to transform a defeated guard captain into an inhuman horror to combat guts, the black swordsman. puck, guts? pint-sized fairy sidekick, is captured when he attempts to stop an old doctor?s execution, and he is given as a gift to the count?s daughter, a sweet girl in a gilded cage, imprisoned by her father in her own room. guts, determined to make mincemeat of the count, assaults the castle and carves a swath of blood-soaked destruction through the count?s minions. face-to-face with the black swordsman at last, the count reveals his true form, and even guts? super-sized sword may not be big enough to contend with this demonic monstrosity! $12.99$3.99 how to draw manga: basics and beyond manga university you want to draw manga, and manga university will show you how. you'll get very good at this. after all, we've been teaching people just like you for more than 20 years. "how to draw manga: basics and beyond!" is the latest in manga university's lineup of best-selling instructional books. the book features more than 1,000 illustrations drawn by japanese manga artists whose work has appeared in leading publications, including shonen sunday and young jump. you will learn how to draw like a professional because your teachers are professionals. we've divided the book into four easy-to-follow chapters that will have you drawing original characters from head to toe in no time at all: heads first! we begin at the top, with a chapter on how to draw heads. after all, heads are the first thing most people notice, in both art and out in the real world. and in art, just like in the real world, you want to make sure your characters make a vivid first impression ... whether they're completely human, or totally out-of-this-world. let's make faces! the expression the eyes are the window to the soul is particularly true when it comes to manga. you can tell a lot about a character's personality by peering into their eyes. in this chapter, we explain the basics of drawing eyes. but we don't stop there. we also cover noses, mouths, ears, and hair. all about bodies! once we've covered faces, we move on to teaching you all all about drawing bodies. we go over the differences between male and female body proportions, count heads to determine the heights of our characters, and learn how to draw hands, arms, feet, and legs. strike a pose! our book's final chapter is all about making a physical statement. we show characters standing tall, sitting down, throwing punches, giving hugs, and more. because even beautifully drawn characters look boring if they're frozen stiff. the book also includes a section on manga tools. plus, you'll get to know the artists who contributed to the book through exclusive interviews in which they talk about their favorite manga and anime series, hobbies, how they work, and more! $25.03 berserk vol 6 back in the day, guts the black swordsman was a top slayer for the band of the hawk, an elite mercenary unit led by griffith, whose calm demeanor and callow beauty belied his fighting prowess and steel will. while in a king?s employ, the attraction between the king?s daughter and griffith and the growing favor of the king towards the hawk leader raises the hackles of the king?s jealous son, who plots to have griffith summarily assassinated. but if the plot fails, the king?s son will likely have to deal with guts and his titanic broadsword, and the results of such confrontations are rarely pretty... or easy to clean up. $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 7 two feudal kingdoms, midland and chuder, battle for supremacy in what will become the final clash in a century-long struggle. spearheading the midland forces is the band of the hawk, a legendary cadre of elite mercenaries led by the charismatic griffith and with the fearless guts as its berserker champion. the hawks' ferocity, courage, and fearsome skills - not to mention guts' enormous broadsword - are just what midland needs to turn the bloody tide, but during the fray, guts and griffith's most trusted lieutenant, casca, fall together from a cliff into a raging river. miraculously, both barely survive, and guts tends to casca's wounds as she tells of having her life saved by griffith, her induction into the band of the hawk, and her deep feelings toward griffith. she even seems to finally be warming up to the grim guts. but this greeting-card moment won't last long, for chuder warriors are on the prowl, and the only greetings they carry are on the points of their spears! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 8 the century-spanning war between midland and chuder continues unabated. the two warring kingdoms, vying for supremacy, launch headfirst into what will become the final battle. leading the midland forces are the band of the hawk, lead by the charismatic griffith, with the fearless guts as his trusted champion. but should the hawks triumph again on the battlefield, the war with chuder may end, but the secret war within midland may begin as those who seek to rise within the court see the ambitious griffith as an obstacle to obtaining power. and nothing is more formidable than an enemy unseen! $12.99$3.99 the latest & greatest browse the newest releases see more chainsaw man: a dog's feelings vol 10 having been forced to kill a friend, denji finds that his brain has turned to mush from despair. without the motivation to keep going, he seeks help from makima. but makima is not what she appears, and denji?s pain is only just beginning. -- viz media $7.99 sonic the hedgehog 2: the official movie pre-quill kiel phegley catch up with sonic and friends?if you can?in this exclusive prequel to 2022's most anticipated family film! life is good in green hills for sonic the hedgehog . . . maybe too good. he's starting to get bored, and when sonic gets bored, things become a lot less boring for everyone else?fast! quicker than you can say "chili dog," the fastest thing alive is saving the day and causing all sorts of chaos along the way! plus, new and returning characters starring in the sonic the hedgehog 2 film take the lead in stories of their own! $8.75$7.35 spy x family vol 7 as donovan desmond is about to share a rare family moment with his son damian, twilight cuts in to meet his target face-to-face for the first time. can twilight find some way to endear himself to the inscrutable donovan? -- viz media $7.99 godzilla vs. mighty morphin power rangers issue #1 from idw publishing and boom! studios, two titanic powers collide in a cross-company collaboration event you never expected . . . but makes complete sense! when rita repulsa uses an ancient artifact to transport herself to a universe without power rangers, she finds herself on a world with aliens, kaiju, and . . . godzilla! hoping to annihilate this new foe, rita hurls her own terrible creatures into battle. but she never expects that the rangers have followed her to this alternate reality! now, the dinozords themselves are going head-to-head with the king of the monsters! written by superstar scribe cullen bunn (godzilla: cataclysm) and illustrated by artist extraordinaire freddie williams ii (batman/tmnt)! $5.00$3.85 jujutsu kaisen: the shibuya incident--transformation-- vol 15 sukuna is on a murderous rampage. meanwhile, invaluabe jujutsu sorcerers have been taken down, and even kugisaki falls into mahito?s trap! feeling the burden of his sins, itadori finds it hard to keep going, but he rushes off to help kugisaki anyway. can he reach her in time?! -- viz media $7.99 kaiju no. 8 vol 2 the final test of the defense force has come to an end, but the examinees? challenges aren?t over yet. a mysterious humanoid kaiju revives a neutralized honju and sics it on kikoru shinomiya. just when kikoru seems to be at the end of her rope, kafka rushes to her defense! but what is the humanoid kaiju?s goal? -- viz media $7.99 skip beat! vol 46 ren tsuruga loves kyoko mogami! it would be the news of the century, but they have to keep it quiet to protect their privacy and their careers. while the happy couple is content to focus on their professional goals for the time being, ren?s legion of fans won?t rest until they know what?s going on with their fave. are any secrets safe from these internet detectives?! -- viz media $7.99 yona of the dawn vol 35 feeling ill from the crimson illness, su-won is unable to attend a conference with a south kai delegation. yona goes in his stead and manages to hold her own, but what will she do when someone blames her for the death of one of the delegation members?! -- viz media $7.99 kaguya-sama: love is war vol 22 will miko?s budding closeness with miyuki make other interested parties jealous? then, entertaining a cat in the student council chambers leads to awkward complications. as the war between the shinomiyas and the shijos heats up, kaguya?s new assistant and mikado both fall under suspicion. and then kaguya and miyuki spend the night together...alone! how do you know when you?re ready? -- viz media $7.99 my hero academia: vigilantes vol 12 as o?clock and his accidental allies tiger bunny and the rapper try to escape the underground arena, shadowy figures observe the chaos from afar. o?clock takes on a hooded fighter who seems to be targeting him specifically. back in the present day, pop has been rescued, but koichi and his friends have only a brief respite before the villainous number 6 puts a terrifying new plan into action. in true vigilante fashion, koichi must evade the law in order to protect pop... -- viz media $7.99 comics under $5 dive into these exciting reads see more berserk vol 1 created by kentaro miura, berserk is manga mayhem to the extreme - violent, horrifying, and mercilessly funny - and the wellspring for the internationally popular anime series. not for the squeamish or the easily offended, berserk asks for no quarter - and offers none! his name is guts, the black swordsman, a feared warrior spoken of only in whispers. bearer of a gigantic sword, an iron hand, and the scars of countless battles and tortures, his flesh is also indelibly marked with the brand, an unholy symbol that draws the forces of darkness to him and dooms him as their sacrifice. but guts won't take his fate lying down; he'll cut a crimson swath of carnage through the ranks of the damned - and anyone else foolish enough to oppose him! accompanied by puck the elf, more an annoyance than a companion, guts relentlessly follows a dark, bloodstained path that leads only to death...or vengeance. $12.99$3.99 teenage mutant ninja turtles: the last ronin issue #1 it's the tmnt event of 2020! springing from the minds of tmnt co-creators kevin eastman and peter laird comes an epic like you've never seen before! in a future nyc far different than the one we know today, a lone surviving turtle goes on a seemingly hopeless mission to obtain justice for his fallen family and friends. kinetic layouts from eastman, and a thrilling script full of surprises from longtime tmnt scribe tom waltz all combine to make this one of the most memorable tmnt stories you will ever read! this is a perennial tmnt tale that can't be missed! $6.25$4.81 the witcher vol 1 travelling near the edge of the brokilon forest, monster hunter geralt meets a widowed fisherman who's dead and murderous wife resides in a eerie mansion known as the house of glass, which seems to have endless rooms, nothing to fill them with, and horror around every corner. $15.99$4.99 berserk vol 2 the evil count uses his dark powers to transform a defeated guard captain into an inhuman horror to combat guts, the black swordsman. puck, guts? pint-sized fairy sidekick, is captured when he attempts to stop an old doctor?s execution, and he is given as a gift to the count?s daughter, a sweet girl in a gilded cage, imprisoned by her father in her own room. guts, determined to make mincemeat of the count, assaults the castle and carves a swath of blood-soaked destruction through the count?s minions. face-to-face with the black swordsman at last, the count reveals his true form, and even guts? super-sized sword may not be big enough to contend with this demonic monstrosity! $12.99$3.99 berserk vol 3 guts, the feared black swordsman, finishes his desperate battle with the monstrous count, cutting and blasting him to gory scraps when the presence of the count's daughter makes the monster hesitate. but guts won't even have the time to clean his gigantic sword when the count's dying pleas activate the behelit, summoning the five god hands, demon lords of immeasurable power. guts' journey so far has been a long road of pain and death, but that's a walk in the park compared to fighting his way out of hell itself! $12.99$3.99 teenage mutant ninja turtles: the last ronin issue #2 secrets are revealed as we begin to discover what happened in the past to lead to this nightmarish future. the ronin meets an unexpected new ally but the foot clan begins an exhaustive sweep of the bottom to find the vengeful mutant. and what role does baxter stockman play? $6.25$4.81 sonic the hedgehog vol 1 the evil genius dr. eggman has been foiled?but the work of sonic the hedgehog isn't over yet! in the aftermath of the latest epic battle, rogue robots continue to attack small villages around the world. in order to succeed, sonic will need the help of his friends tails, knuckles, and amy, along with some new and surprising allies. this new collection from acclaimed writer ian flynn features the blue blur like you've never seen him before. gotta go fast! $10.00$2.49 berserk vol 4 now that the evil count has been killed and dragged to hell by the demon lords of the godhand, guts, the black swordsman, hooks up with his former benefactor, the mercenary gambino. but it?s a deadly reunion, one that nearly takes guts? life. the following years see guts wandering from battlefield to battlefield, where his awesome skills as a slayer catch the eye of both warring parties, including the legendary griffith, warrior leader of the band of the hawk, who is eager to test his combat skills against those of the black swordsman. as usual, anytime that guts is involved there will be hell to pay! $12.99$3.99 life is strange issue #1 p.p1 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 12.0px calibri} mysteriously gifted with the power to rewind time, young photography student max caulfield became entangled in the dark secrets of arcadia bay. she used her strange new abilities to reconnect with her oddest friend, chloe price, and to bring to justice the men who had murdered chloe?s closest confidante, rachel amber. max?s temporal abilities came at a cost, however, creating a once-in-a-generation hurricane that threatened the town with total destruction, if max didn?t allow the original timeline ? in which chloe died of a gunshot wound ? to play out. in one sequence of events, max chose to save chloe?s life, sacrificing arcadia bay. and in a multiverse of infinite possibilities, this is one version of what happened next? $4.98 berserk vol 5 he is guts, the black swordsman, a warrior of legendary prowess ? relentless, fearless, merciless. as cold and brutal as the iron of the massive sword he wields. bent on revenge against the unholy forces that have branded him for sacrifice, but especially on griffith, one of the demon lords of the godhand. but griffith was once a man, the leader of the hawks, a renowned cadre of elite fighters with a young guts as its fiercest champion. though forged in a crucible of cruelty and violence, nothing could prepare guts for a confrontation with nosferatu zodd, a superhuman beast who slaughters guts? comrades as easily as a scythe cuts wheat. even guts and griffith are no match for the abomination?s power...but something griffith wears around his neck may well be! $12.99$3.99 most recent from marvel see more reign of x (2021) vol 10, #1-20 collects x-factor (2020) #8-9, x-corp (2021) #1, marauders (2019) #20, way of x (2021) #1. new beginnings in the reign of x! x-factor's boneyard hq is haunted, and the answer to their problem can be found?in the mojoverse?! meanwhile, as preparations for the hellfire gala come to a head, ororo's eyes are pointed toward a future that takes her off the seas and over the horizon! looking after krakoa's considerable fortunes, monet st. croix and warren worthington are cxos of x-corp. which of the brightest minds in mutantkind will they recruit? and in the new eden of krakoa, nightcrawler searches for serpents in the garden and fights for the souls of mutantkind! $12.42 death of doctor strange (2021) issue #1 collects death of doctor strange (2021) #1-5. the final saga of doctor strange! he is the master of the mystic arts. earth's sorcerer supreme. a one-man barrier protecting our world from all the nightmares, demons and warlords out there in dimensions beyond our comprehension. so what happens when doctor strange is murdered? as his friends mourn - and his enemies rage at having been deprived of the killing blow - dark forces set their sights on an unprotected earth. the avengers, the fantastic four?all of our mightiest heroes are woefully out of their depth. now, as the world's remaining magicians race to protect our world from an unimaginable sorcerous threat, one very surprising investigator must unravel the mystery of doctor strange's murder. but can he do it before his own time runs out? $12.42 death of doctor strange (2021) issue #2 collects death of doctor strange: avengers (2021) #1, strange academy presents: the death of doctor strange (2021) #1, death of doctor strange: spider-man (2021) #1, death of doctor strange: white fox (2021) #1, death of doctor strange: blade (2021) #1, death of doctor strange: x-men/black knight (2021) #1, death of doctor strange: bloodstone (2022) #1. doctor strange is dead! and without earth's sorcerer supreme to hold back the darkness at the edges of reality, the world is suddenly under siege from all kinds of mystical threats. now, as an unexpected investigator races against the clock to solve doctor strange's murder, it's up to the rest of the heroes of the marvel universe - from spider-man to blade to white fox to elsa bloodstone, plus the students of the strange academy and an uncanny alliance between the x-men and black knight - to pick up the shattered pieces! can they combat magical incursions and keep the earth safe while the mystery is unraveled? $17.95 uncanny x-men masterworks (2009) vol 14, #1-219 collects uncanny x-men (1981) #210-219, annual (1970) #10; new mutants annual (1984) #2; fantastic four vs x-men (1987) #1-4. in his very first work for marvel in the u.s., iconic artist alan davis delivers on a double-sized new mutants annual that introduces psylocke to the world of the x-men! but she's arrived just as sabretooth and the marauders go on the hunt for morlocks - and they don't mind slaying any x-men who get in the way! the "mutant massacre" event shocked readers and set a high-water mark for x-men storytelling. plus: longshot joins the x-men as they - and the new mutants - take on mojo in an arthur adams-drawn annual! meanwhile, kitty pryde is slowly disintegrating, leading the x-men to make a deal with doctor doom to save her. needless to say, the fantastic four have something to say about that! $23.47 defenders masterworks vol 8, #13-91 collects defenders (1972) #76-91, material from tales to astonish (1979) #13. one of the most offbeat storylines of the ?70s is completed: at last?the omega saga! then, prepare for the return of the original defenders! hulk, doctor strange and sub-mariner journey to tunnelworld, a secret realm ravaged by war. led by the winged aeroika, the trio prepares for battle against the unnamable ? but one of their own has already been compromised! meanwhile, the ladies of the defenders have things handled with fem-force and mutant force ? until the mandrill makes the scene! nighthawk is in trouble with the fbi, while patsy walker?s life is turned upside down by tragedy. plus: atlanteans have stolen wakandan tech, and black panther is not going to put up with that! it?s namor vs. t?challa in a battle royal! $23.47 star wars legends epic collection: legacy (2016): legacy vol. 4 vol 4, #1-19 collects star wars: legacy (2013) #1-18; material from star wars tales (1999) #19, star wars visionaries (2005) #1. the end of an era! nearly 140 years after a new hope, the galaxy is struggling to maintain a newfound peace. ania solo is trying to eke out a meager living by salvaging debris from the recently ended war - but when she stumbles upon a damaged communications droid and a stray lightsaber, she and her friends find themselves in deep trouble! wanted by both the local authorities and a determined imperial knight, ania will soon learn that the lightsaber is at the center of a deadly plot - one that leads straight back to the villainous sith! and at the very end of the star wars legends timeline, discover c-3po's final fate! $27.62 conan the barbarian epic collection (2020): the original marvel years - of once and future kings issue #5 collects conan the barbarian (1970) #60-71, annual (1973) #2-3; power records (1974) #31; material from foom (1973) #14. conan and b?lit reave a path across the high seas and into the jungles of the hyborian age in another set of classic tales! together, the barbarian and the pirate queen encounter the lord of the lions and battle for the honored name of amra in one of the greatest conan adventures of all time! master storytellers roy thomas and john buscema follow with an exploit that brings conan, kull and red sonja together in a tale of titans that pits robert e. howard's greatest creations against one another! also featuring full-color editions of black-and-white conan stories by jim starlin and john buscema, an adaptation of the very first conan story and the rare "crawler in the mists"! $34.52 west coast avengers (2018): kate bishop - team spirit issue #3 collects west coast avengers (2018) #5-10, war of the realms: journey into mystery (2019) #1-5. marvel boy is back in kate bishop's life, and his timing couldn't be worse! will his arrival throw a wrench into kate's less-than-well-oiled team of west coast avengers? probably! meanwhile, something foul is afoot in the city of angels, courtesy of the newly formed masters of evil west coast! kate and your other favorite hawkeye must lead the fight to save the "chosen one" - america chavez! then, with earth under siege, kate joins new allies - miles "spider-man" morales, wonder man, balder the brave, sebastian druid and death locket - for a journey into mystery through the war of the realms! but can they save earth's only hope: thor's kid sister?! prepare to suffer the slings and arrows of a truly legendary adventure in babysitting! $19.33 marvel-verse: america chavez kieron gillen collects young avengers (2013) #3; america (2017) #1-2, 11-12; material from marvel now! point one (2012) #1. in all the marvel-verse, there's no one quite like america chavez - and she should know, as she can smash her way between realities! now, join the dimension-hopping sensation in some of her wildest adventures! sparks fly as america meets the teenage loki and their soon-to-be allies in the young avengers! then, the inspirational powerhouse goes to college! her first assignment? a field trip?to the front lines of world war ii?with captain america as her wingman! and when she finally finds the family she's been searching for, a new life awaits - but exterminatrix and the midas corporation have set their sights on america. her newly discovered home teeters on the brink of implosion. and the biggest danger may be america chavez herself! $12.42 x-men epic collection: bishop's crossing jim lee collects uncanny x-men (1981) #281-288, uncanny x-men annual (1992) #16, x-men (1991) #4-9, x-men annual (1992) #1, ghost rider (1990) #26-27. the coming of bishop! the reunited x-men have expanded into two squads - and while the blue team takes on omega red and learns secrets of wolverine's past, the gold team brokers peace with the hellfire club! but when advanced sentinels crash the party, one x-man may not survive! then, guns blazing, the man called bishop arrives from the future pursuing hundreds of escaped convicts through time - and finds himself stranded in the present! bishop was raised to idolize the x-men?but he knows a deadly secret waiting in their future! plus: colossus is reunited with his brother, the x-men face the machinations of mojo and the blue team battles a new orleans brood infestation alongside ghost rider and?gambit's wife?! $34.52 new manga get the latest releases see more chainsaw man: a dog's feelings vol 10 having been forced to kill a friend, denji finds that his brain has turned to mush from despair. without the motivation to keep going, he seeks help from makima. but makima is not what she appears, and denji?s pain is only just beginning. -- viz media $7.99 spy x family vol 7 as donovan desmond is about to share a rare family moment with his son damian, twilight cuts in to meet his target face-to-face for the first time. can twilight find some way to endear himself to the inscrutable donovan? -- viz media $7.99 jujutsu kaisen: the shibuya incident--transformation-- vol 15 sukuna is on a murderous rampage. meanwhile, invaluabe jujutsu sorcerers have been taken down, and even kugisaki falls into mahito?s trap! feeling the burden of his sins, itadori finds it hard to keep going, but he rushes off to help kugisaki anyway. can he reach her in time?! -- viz media $7.99 kaiju no. 8 vol 2 the final test of the defense force has come to an end, but the examinees? challenges aren?t over yet. a mysterious humanoid kaiju revives a neutralized honju and sics it on kikoru shinomiya. just when kikoru seems to be at the end of her rope, kafka rushes to her defense! but what is the humanoid kaiju?s goal? -- viz media $7.99 skip beat! vol 46 ren tsuruga loves kyoko mogami! it would be the news of the century, but they have to keep it quiet to protect their privacy and their careers. while the happy couple is content to focus on their professional goals for the time being, ren?s legion of fans won?t rest until they know what?s going on with their fave. are any secrets safe from these internet detectives?! -- viz media $7.99 yona of the dawn vol 35 feeling ill from the crimson illness, su-won is unable to attend a conference with a south kai delegation. yona goes in his stead and manages to hold her own, but what will she do when someone blames her for the death of one of the delegation members?! -- viz media $7.99 kaguya-sama: love is war vol 22 will miko?s budding closeness with miyuki make other interested parties jealous? then, entertaining a cat in the student council chambers leads to awkward complications. as the war between the shinomiyas and the shijos heats up, kaguya?s new assistant and mikado both fall under suspicion. and then kaguya and miyuki spend the night together...alone! how do you know when you?re ready? -- viz media $7.99 my hero academia: vigilantes vol 12 as o?clock and his accidental allies tiger bunny and the rapper try to escape the underground arena, shadowy figures observe the chaos from afar. o?clock takes on a hooded fighter who seems to be targeting him specifically. back in the present day, pop has been rescued, but koichi and his friends have only a brief respite before the villainous number 6 puts a terrifying new plan into action. in true vigilante fashion, koichi must evade the law in order to protect pop... -- viz media $7.99 my love mix-up! vol 3 aoki has a crush on ida, a boy in his class. ida has learned from akkun the story behind hashimoto?s eraser?that aoki told ida he liked him to protect hashimoto?s secret crush. the only trouble is that aoki really does like ida, so now aoki has to confess his love to ida all over again! -- viz media $7.99 snow white with the red hair vol 18 in order to reclaim the power his northern clan once held, toka bergat has attacked sereg knight base. zen is ready to fight back, but toka is clearly out for blood and the prince?s head! meanwhile, kiki and obi have saved tsuruba from certain doom, and all three are racing back to the base! -- viz media $7.99 ladies who rule from ms. marvel to batgirl see more ms. marvel: no normal vol 1, #1-5 collects ms. marvel #1-5, all-new marvel now! point one (ms. marvel story). $20.02 batgirl vol 1 as a part of the acclaimed dc comics?the new 52 event of september 2011, barbara gordon is finally back as batgirl! the nightmare-inducing brute known as mirror is destroying the lives of gotham city citizens seemingly at random. will barbara be able to survive her explosive confrontation with this new villain, as well as facing dark secrets from her past? a new chapter in the riveting adventures of batgirl continue in stunning fashion, with script by fan-favorite gail simone and stellar art by superstar ardian syaf! this volume colles issues 1-6 of batgirl, part of the dc comics?the new 52 event. $9.99$7.50 supergirl vol. 1: last daughter of krypton (the new 52) michael green a new york times best seller! as a part of the acclaimed dc comics - the new 52 event of september 2011, meet supergirl. she's got the unpredictable behavior of a teenager, the same powers as superman - and none of his affection for the people of earth. crash landing on a strange new planet, supergirl must come to grips with krypton's destruction with her cousin superman and learn about her own recent past. but an ingenious new foe wants that same information - and will do anything to get it. presenting an all-new take on the superman's cousin kara, and her standing in the dc comics - new 52 universe! collects issues #1-7. $9.99$7.50 black widow (2010): kiss or kill issue #2 collects black widow (2010) #6-8 and material from iron man: kiss and kill. a senator is seduced and assassinated, and his journalist son follows the trail to a fatally sexy soviet agent. this deadly "woman in black" moonlights as a high-class escort to lure powerful men into her web of blackmail and death. but nick crane believes he's finally found his father's murderer, and he's about to expose...the black widow! plus: tony stark gets his spy on, and the black widow proves she's an iron man's best friend, when the armored avenger goes undercover to take down a foe using his own decommissioned tech! $8.75 black widow (2010): the name of the rose issue #1 collects black widow #1-5. natasha romanoff is the black widow; longtime avengers and a spy for even longer. but now someone has tried to kill natasha...and almost succeeded. injured gravely; almost beyond her ability to recover; black widow sets out to find her attacker. $11.26 captain marvel: in pursuit of flight vol 1, #1-6 collects captain marvel #1-6. the "mightiest" of earth's mightiest heroes is back! ace pilot. legendary avenger. one hundred percent pure bad-^&*. carol danvers has a new name, a new mission - and all the power she needs to make her own life a living hell. as the new captain marvel, carol is forging from a challenge from her past! it's a firefight in the sky as the banshee squadron debut - but who are the prowlers, and where has carol seen them before? and how does secret nasa training program mercury 13 fit in? witness captain marvel in blazing battlefield action that just may change the course of history! avengers time travel protocols: engage! $13.76 captain marvel (2014-): higher, further, faster, more vol 1, #1-6 collects captain marvel #1-6. $22.52 captain marvel: down vol 2, #7-12 collects captain marvel #7-12. marvel now! captain marvel goes head to head with...captain marvel? former captain monica rambeau returns, but what's her problem with earth's new mightiest hero? what threat is lurking below the ocean's surface? and can both captain marvels stop it before they get ship wrecked? then: carol finally returns home, but is changed. what is weakening captain marvel's powers? how will the lifelong high-flyer react when she discovers that she can no longer fly? $13.76 elektra vol. 1: bloodlines haden blackman collects elektra #1-5. $21.27 jessica jones: the pulse - the complete collection brian michael bendis collects pulse #1-9, #11-14; new avengers annual #1. $43.81 first in series find a new page-turner see more injustice: gods among us: year two vol 1 the best-selling prequel to the hit videogame picks up right where it left off! year one is over--now, year two begins. the death of one of their own has divided earth's protectors as hero turns against hero. as superman's iron grip on the world tightens, at the edge of the galaxy, anothe grave threat approaches... $18.77$8.75 hawkeye (2012-2015): my life as a weapon vol 1, #1-6 collects hawkeye #1-5 & young avengers presents #6.? the breakout star of this summer's blockbuster avengers film, clint barton - aka the self-made hero hawkeye - fights for justice! with ex-young avenger kate bishop by his side, he's out to prove himself as one of earth's mightiest heroes! shield recruits clint to intercept a packet of incriminating evidence - before he becomes the most wanted man in the world. $16.26 locke & key: welcome to lovecraft: volume 1 joe hill acclaimed suspense novelist and new york times best-selling author joe hill (heart-shaped box) creates an all-new six-issue story of dark fantasy and wonder: locke & key. written by hill and featuring astounding artwork from gabriel rodriguez, locke & key tells of keyhouse, an unlikely new england mansion, with fantastic doors that transform all who dare to walk through them... and home to a hate-filled and relentless creature that will not rest until it forces open the most terrible door of them all... $15.01$9.99 red hood and the outlaws (2011) vol 1 no sooner has batman's former sidekick, jason todd, put his past as the red hood behind him than he finds himself cornered by a pair of modern day outlaws: green arrow's rejected sidekick arsenal, the damaged soldier of fortune, and the alien starfire, a former prisoner of intergalactic war who won't be chained again. as a loner, jason has absolutely no interest in this motley crew of outlaws. so what's he going to do when they choose the red hood as their leader? $18.77$7.50 birds of prey vol. 1: trouble in mind (the new 52) duane swierczynski one is wanted for a murder she didn't commit. the other is on the run because she knows too much. they are dinah laurel lance and ev crawford - a.k.a. black canary and starling - and joining them are the villainous poison ivy and the heroic batgirl and together, as gotham city's covert ops team, they're taking down the villains other heroes can't touch. they are the birds of prey. collects issues #1-7 $9.99$7.50 amazing spider-man vol. 1: the parker luck dan slott collects amazing spider-man #1-6. $22.84$5.00 astonishing x-men vol. 1: gifted joss whedon collects astonishing x-men (2004) #1-6. dream-team creators joss whedon and john cassaday present a brand-new era for the x-men! cyclops and emma frost re-form the x-men with the express purpose of "astonishing" the world. but when breaking news regarding the mutant gene unexpectedly hits the airwaves; will it derail their new plans before they even get started? as demand for the "mutant cure" reaches near-riot levels; the x-men go head-to-head with the enigmatic ord; with an unexpected ally - and some unexpected adversaries - tipping the scales! $13.76 black widow: the finely woven thread vol 1, #1-6 collects black widow (2014) #1-6. you've seen black widow as an avenger and even an agent of s.h.i.e.l.d. but on her own time she searches for atonement for her past as a kgb assassin - in ways of which those teams just wouldn't approve. the black widow goes undercover in russia, but from its cold streets, the hand of god reaches out to crush her...and it is as merciless as its name implies. outmatched by the brute force of a powerful new villain, natasha faces her deadliest test, and discovers a deadly plot unfolding that spans the entire globe. $13.76 indestructible hulk vol. 1: agent of s.h.i.e.l.d. mark waid part of the marvel now! initiative! hulk: indestructible force more weapon than man. banner: smartest man alive. combined, they are the strongest, smartest weapon on the planet! and now!, the indestructible hulk is an agent of s.h.i.e.l.d.! hulk's first official missions include taking down the all-new quintronic man and battling attuma on the ocean floor! but not everything is as it seems: what is banner's secret hold over s.h.i.e.l.d. director maria hill? what and where is bannertown, usa? and which one of banner's lab assistants holds a deadly secret? plus: bruce banner and tony stark are friends but hulk and iron man are anything but! the golden avenger guest-stars as eisner award-winning writer mark waid (daredevil) and superstar artist leinil yu take the hulk in an all-new direction...now! indestructible hulk vol. 1: agent of s.h.i.e.l.d. includes a code for a free digital copy on the marvel comics app (for iphone?, ipad?, ipad touch? & android devices) and marvel digital comics shop. additionally, this collection also features special augmented reality content available exclusive through the marvel ar app - including cover recaps, behind the scenes features and more that add value to your reading experience at no additional cost. collecting: indestructible hulk 1-5, plus never before seen extras! $11.26 iron man vol. 1: believe kieron gillen tony stark is iron man: technological visionary, wealthy playboy, unparalleled engineer, and armored avenger. but in one terrifying instant, his greatest invention becomes his greatest mistake. the lethal techno virus extremis is out in the wild and out for grabs to the highest bidder! introducing the circle, a mysterious high-tech brotherhood of mech-knights, as tony's hunt for the rogue extremis units takes him to the island of new camelot! as he dogfights the secret russian black exoskeleton academy's greatest pilot, iron man must act fast...and tony stark must build faster! it's up to tony to contain extremis, and that means creating a new suit of armor...now! collecting: iron man (2012) 1-5 $13.76 image comics the walking dead, saga + more see more east of west: the promise vol 1, #1-5 this is the world. it is not the one we wanted, but it is the one we deserved. the four horsemen of the apocalypse roam the earth, signaling the end times for humanity, and our best hope for life, lies in death. collects east of west #1 - #5. $10.00 saga vol 1, #1-6 from new york times bestselling writer brian k.vaughan (y: the last man, ex machina) and critically acclaimed artist fiona staples (mystery society, north 40), saga is the sweeping tale of one young family fighting to find their place in the worlds. when two soldiers from opposite sides of a never-ending galactic war fall in love, they risk everything to bring a fragile new life into a dangerous old universe. fantasy and science fiction are wed like never before in a sexy, subversive drama for adults. this specially priced volume collects the first arc of the smash hit series the onion a.v. club calls "the emotional epic hollywood wishes it could make. collects saga #1-6 $6.25 the walking dead issue #151 call to arms. $2.49 the walking dead: compendium 1 robert kirkman the walking dead compendium vol. 1 is here, collecting issues 1-48!now's your chance to experience this gripping read for the first time or catch up on the tale with the first four years worth of material, collected in one volume for the first time.since 2003, robert kirkman's the walking dead has been redefining the survival horror genre with its unique and vivid account of life after the end of the world. although the cast is diverse and often changing (including, of course, a great number of zombies), at the heart of every tale is rick grimes: former police officer, husband, father, and de facto leader of a ragtag band of survivors looking to make a future for themselves in a world that no longer has one. to call the walking dead a zombie tale is accurate to a point, but it touches on only one facet of a story that asks timeless questions about what it means to live. it also asks whether or not this is possible in a world full of the dead. this is a great opportunity to experience this gripping read for the first time or catch up on the tale with the first four years worth of material, collected in one volume for the first time. collects volumes 1-8. $50.07 the walking dead: compendium 2 robert kirkman returning with the second eight volumes of the fan-favorite, new york times bestseller series, the walking dead, collected into one massive paperback collection! this is the perfect collection for any fan of the emmy award-winning television series on amc: over one-thousand pages chronicling the next chapter of robert kirkman's eisner award-winning continuing story of survival horror - beginning with rick grimes' struggle to survive after the prison raid, to the group's finding short solace in the community, and the devastation that follows. in a world ruled by the dead, we are finally forced to finally start living. collects the walking dead #49-96. $50.07 the walking dead: days gone bye vol 1, #1-6 rick grimes is not prepared for this. a couple months ago he was a small town cop who had never fired a shot and only ever saw one dead body. separated from his family he must now sort through the death and confusion to try and find his wife and son. collects issues #1-6. $11.26 saga vol 2, #7-12 collecting the epic second storyline of the smash hit series entertainment weekly called "the kind of comic you get when truly talented superstar creators are given the freedom to produce their dream comic." thanks to her star-crossed parents marko and alana, newborn baby hazel has already survived lethal assassins, rampaging armies, and alien monstrosities, but in the cold vastness of outer space, the little girl encounters her family's greatest challenge yet: the grandparents. collects saga #7-12. $15.01 the walking dead: march to wars vol 19, #109-114 rick. ezekiel. gregory. negan. each man holds the fate of their community in their hands... and war is on the horizon. this volume collects the walking dead #109-114, the prelude to all out war-the epic battle that will change the world of the walking dead for years to come. $15.01 the walking dead: what comes after vol 18, #103-108 following the events of something to fear, rick and the other survivors accept a new way of life under negan's rule, but not everyone agrees. collects the walking dead #103-108 $15.01 the walking dead: all out war: part one vol 20, #115-120 the biggest storyline in the walking dead history starts here. it's rick versus negan, with a little help from everyone else! collects the walking dead #115-120 $15.01 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
