https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/community-priorities
community priorities | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support uwindsor support uwindsor priorities welcome donate now priorities student priorities campus priorities community priorities impact priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities student priorities campus priorities community priorities impact priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor priorities community priorities community priorities a university plays a crucial role in driving economic renewal and sustainability. it provides an educated workforce, support for innovation and research, and a place to nurture the entrepreneurial spirit. but it also gives back to the people it serves. the university is a partner and it takes pride in the betterment of everyone. a strong economy is the basis of a healthy and vibrant society. equally important is support for the community?s social fabric. from outreach with school children to participation in urban planning, a university sustains the communities it serves, while educating the people who will eventually live or work there. the university of windsor is defined, in part, by our collaborative programs and research with businesses, governments and community agencies. our students, staff, and faculty benefit as much as our partners when we work together to solve problems, implement joint programs, or develop new technologies. we are extending these efforts beyond our campus. uwindsor students and graduates enrich industry, the arts and civic life, and contribute to a sustainable economy and a vibrant region. funding priorities for the community business development funds through the epicentre, help students develop new businesses by supporting entrepreneurial training, workshops, mentoring and networking opportunities. incubation facilities create spaces across campus where students and researchers can work directly with businesses, governments and community agencies to develop new products and start-up companies. community programming expand such programs as community legal aid that support the community and, at the same time, provide students with experience in solving real-world issues. donate now share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
