http://www.uwindsor.ca/conferences
conference & accommodation services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students conference & accommodation services in this section welcome accommodations planning a conference contact welcome accommodations planning a conference contact uwindsor home conference & accommodation services welcome to conference and accommodation services welcome to conference and accommodation services welcome to the university of windsor, located in windsor, ontario at the southern most point of canada. discover all that windsor has to offer while being within driving distance to 60% of the entire population of the united states and canada. our campus offers hotel accommodations for conference guests and one stop shopping convention services and facilities in a relaxed setting. we pride ourselves on offering world class customer service, food and beverage, audio visual technology and second to none attention to detail. the university of windsor is the place to be! allow our hospitality professionals the opportunity to make your next event the best it can be. we understand the importance of your upcoming conference or meeting. our award winning team of catering and conference specialists will assist you with the planning to ensure that your event is a success. share tweet save contact us university of windsor conference and accommodation services 750 sunset avenue alumni hall - room 120 windsor, ontario n9b 3p4 rana chan conference coordinator (519) 253-3000 ext. 3276 confserv@uwindsor.ca ranachan@uwindsor.ca plan a conference share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
