https://www.youtube.com/t/contact_us/
contact us ca about youtube community guidelines contact us careers contact us if you need help, please visit our help centre. there, you'll find answers to many common questions about creating an account, watching and uploading videos and maintaining your channel. if you're unable to find what you're looking for in the help centre, we suggest visiting our community help forum. experiencing a bug? take a look at our current site issues page to see a list of known issues that we're working to fix. media relations press room this area contains media contact information, press releases, b-roll footage, faqs and our interactive timeline. partner programme if you're interested in joining the youtube partner programme, visit our information page to learn more about it. advertising whether an adage 100 advertiser or a local retailer, everyone can broadcast their ad campaign on youtube and tap into the world's largest online video community. learn the basics about advertising on youtube. security abuse issues for any abuse issues on the site, please contact us through the abuse and policy centre. site security issues if you want to report a security issue with the youtube site, please visit us here. legal copyright issues if you are the copyright owner of a video and feel that it has been uploaded without your permission, please follow these directions to submit a copyright infringement notice. content id programme if you're interested in being part of our content id programme, please visit the content id page. inappropriate content to report an inappropriate video on youtube, please click the "flag" link under the video. for details on our policy, please read the terms of service. additional contact information developers if you're a developer or interested in our apis, please visit the developer area. submit additional content to google see all opportunities to distribute your content free of charge across google, including gadgets, product search, local business centre and books. our address you can contact youtube at the address below. google llc, d/b/a youtube 901 cherry ave. san bruno, ca 94066 usa fax: +1 650-253-0001
