https://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/540/contact-us
contact us | office of the registrar skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the registrar office of the registrar in this section home covid-19 updates academic calendars timetable information uwinsite student transfer students fee estimator where do i pay? testing centre maintaining conditional offer of admission change of program/major apply as a returning student change of name degree verification examinations forms and applications for students forms for faculty/staff notice of disclosure registration information request a transcript service fees grade processing contact us graduation and convocation home covid-19 updates academic calendars timetable information uwinsite student transfer students fee estimator where do i pay? testing centre maintaining conditional offer of admission change of program/major apply as a returning student change of name degree verification examinations forms and applications for students forms for faculty/staff notice of disclosure registration information request a transcript service fees grade processing contact us graduation and convocation uwindsor home office of the registrar contact us contact us office hours update: the registrar's office will be closed, due to the good friday holiday on the following date: friday, april 15, 2022 office update: please note the following changes, as the registrar's office, moves towards a return to campus office model: face-to-face in-office appointments are being scheduled. see below for details. registrar's office drop box: please see below for revised / expanded utilization of drop box, including enrolment eligibility forms for questions regarding: graduation eligibility letter requests, please see article admissions, status of application, etc: please contact the registrar's office via phone or ask.uwindsor student financial accounts: please contact the cashier's office student awards or osap: please contact the student awards and financial aid office courses / course selection: please contact your academic department advisor. you can find find their contact information by searching the campus directory tax documents: will be available and accessible through your uwinsite student account, no later than february 28, 2022 return to campus, eligibility to attend face-to-face classes on campus or attestation forms, please visit the return to campus web page need help? search our articles for information or ask a question or phone with registrar's office 519-253-3000 ext. 3315 monday to friday 1:00pm - 4:00pm live chat with international course-based masters monday - friday: 9:00am - noon and 1:00pm - 5:00pm registrar's office access: the office of the registrar is located at: office of the registrar university of windsor - main campus 401 sunset avenue windsor, ontario n9b 3p4 in chrysler hall north: south entrance (link to campus map) registrar's office drop box: any official documents to be submitted to the office of the registrar should be dropped off in a sealed envelope to the registrar's office drop box. this includes requests for completion of forms for enrolment eligibility / tuition purposes, etc. the drop box is located in front of the cashier's office in chrysler hall north (chn), accessible via the lower level north entrance (sunset avenue door across from the education building). a safe lancer "approved" badge is required to enter the building. documents will be gathered at the end of each day. booking appointments: the office of the registrar will be using a new queueing system to facilitate seeing students during the following time frames: tuesday / wednesday / thursday: 1:00pm - 4:00pm. please scan the qr code below or click, if using a mobile device. select the registrar queue and then select the purpose of your visit. you will be sent a text message, indicating when you should be prepared to be at the registrar's office for your appointment. you will repond letting the system know you are here and we will summon you in once we are ready to see you. note: on the day of your appointment, please be prepared to demonstrate your green safe lancer badge and have photo id. these appointments are to: pick-up documents such as: transcripts * enrollment letters * graduation letters * submitting documents that require our signature or completion * service fees apply. please see the registrarial service fees web page for the complete list of service fee charges. if you simply need to drop off transcripts, please use the secured drop box located outside of the cashiers office. this drop box is cleared every day. this will avoid unnecessary wait times. remote services: services will continue remotely and we will continue to respond to inquiries, focusing on the urgent issues first. please submit inquiries to ask.uwindsor.ca we ask that you please allow for additional response time and know that we are working as hard as we can to help. we thank you for your patience during this difficult time. covid-19 updates: for up-to-date information on the university of windsor's response to covid-19, please access the return to campus web page. covid-19 updates for current students: please see our covid-19 updates page for timely student academic and registration information. for up-to-date information for current students on the university of windsor's response to covid-19, please access uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/338/information-students client service specialists the following are among the services our client service team supports and the embedded links will provide guidance on how to access these services. enrolment verification (e.g. enrolment certificates and completing various enrolment verification forms, such as government cpp forms, not student financial aid related) graduation eligibility letters transcript processing returning student application processing change of program application processing troubleshooting uwinsite student and registration inquiries (e.g. later registration, course overload, course audits, etc.) assisting alumni/former students with accessing uwinsite student biographical identification and/or contact information updates (e.g. addresses, telephone numbers, name changes, etc.) study permit and status in canada (e.g. permanent resident or citizenship status changes) updates. if you have any general questions or concerns about the above services, please submit a request through ask.uwindsor.ca or visit our live chat and speak with a client specialist. undergraduate admissions & records officers you are welcome to speak directly to an admissions & records officer regarding your application or transfer credit assessment. your admissions officer is determined by your last name using the alphabetical listing below. last name ugrd admissions & records officer contact info aaa - chh stacey shuel sshuel@uwindsor.ca chi - gqz kelly courneya kcourne@uwindsor.ca gra - lea leanie joya leanie@uwindsor.ca leb - olt lynda sollazzo lyndas@uwindsor.ca olu- smh lisa learn lmsmith@uwindsor.ca smi- zzz jennifer molnar jmolnar@uwindsor.ca additional staff suong mancini sto@uwindsor.ca undergraduate international admissions specialists last name ugrd international admissions specialists contact info a - l sarah braganza sarahb@uwindsor.ca m - z vanessa cain vanessac@uwindsor.ca additional staff daniela marier-perissinotti dmarierp@uwindsor.ca graduate and professional application services specialists >> graduate studies last name grad applications services specialists contact info aaa - col carrie carr ccarr@uwindsor.ca com - jay tracy schulz schulz@uwindsor.ca jaz - meh vicky kosnik kosnik@uwindsor.ca mei - pir angie penev angpenev@uwindsor.ca pis - sre patti brimner pbrimner@uwindsor.ca srf - z debbie wilcox dwilcox@uwindsor.ca >> faculty of law last name law applications services specialists contact info aaa - che carrie carr ccarr@uwindsor.ca chf - gon tracy schulz schulz@uwindsor.ca goo - lea vicky kosnik kosnik@uwindsor.ca leb - pac angie penev angpenev@uwindsor.ca pad - sig patti brimner pbrimner@uwindsor.ca sih - z debbie wilcox dwilcox@uwindsor.ca international cohort based masters staff member area contact info anita bondy team lead anita.bondy@uwindsor.ca christie faraci program coordinator christie.faraci@uwindsor.ca jessica gouin admissions assistant jessicag@uwindsor.ca cathy milec admissions assistant cathym@uwindsor.ca jayashree nyayachavadi (jaya) admissions assistant jayashree.nyayachavadi@uwindsor.ca patricia (trish) reid admissions assistant trish@uwindsor.ca kari scott program coordinator kari.scott@uwindsor.ca scheduling and test centre staff member area contact info dolores handsor exams & scheduling administrator dhandsr@uwindsor.ca flexible@uwindsor.ca robin smith scheduling & examination assistant rsmith@uwindsor.ca reporting and sustainment staff member area contact info elizabeth felet reporting mickey@uwindsor.ca colleen harrington sustainment charrin@uwindsor.ca / sustainment@uwindsor.ca meagan malley sustainment mmalley@uwindsor.ca emma mammarella reporting emamma@uwindsor.ca laurie soulliere sustainment matt@uwindsor.ca / sustainment@uwindsor.ca sherri vanparys sustainment vanparys@uwindsor.ca / sustainment@uwindsor.ca administrative staff staff member area contact info lorraine chandler university registrar lgrondin@uwindsor.ca susan holiga associate registrar, systems & records susanh@uwindsor.ca mark trudell associate registrar, graduate and professional admissions babkyle@uwindsor.ca shari turcotte convocation coordinator & administrative assistant shari@uwindsor.ca share tweet save upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 masters of management: last day of winter classes for masters of management classes fri, 04/08/2022 registration for undergrad opens in uwinsite student for inter-session / summer 2022 mon, 04/11/2022 grad: last date to nominate external examiner for phd defenses, for students who plan to graduate at spring 2022 convocation tue, 04/12/2022 revised: law: last day of winter classes for law thu, 04/14/2022 view event calendar share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
