https://www.ontario.ca/feedback/contact-us?id=25811&nid=130423
contact us | ontario.ca skip to main content ontario.ca needs javascript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. to have a better experience, you need to: go to your browser's settings enable javascript follow the covid-19 restrictions and public health measures and book your appointment to get vaccinated. government of ontario home page search search search menu close arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation home contact us: how ontario is responding to covid-19 there are many ways to contact us. social media facebook: onthealth twitter: @onthealth phone numbers our call centres are open monday to friday: 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. telehealth ontario toll-free: 1-866-797-0000 address ministry of health 438 university avenue 8th floor toronto, ontario m5g 2k8 if you are mailing health card forms, see serviceontario, health card services for the address of your local ohip office. accessibility we are committed to providing accessible customer service opens link in a new window . on request, we can arrange for accessible formats and communications supports. send us an email message(required) please don?t include any personal or financial information would you like a reply? (required) would you like a reply? (required) yes no see the service standards opens link in a new window for how long it will take to get a reply email you will receive a confirmation email optional information name phone number address we will contact you by letter if we need personal or financial information your privacy matters your personal information is being collected in order to respond to your inquiry. your inquiry/personal information will be forwarded to the appropriate ministry(s) for response and will be used to respond to your inquiry. some of the non-identifying information shared will be used by cabinet office and/or serviceontario to measure performance and improve our services. your information will not be placed on mailing lists or released to any third party, except as may be authorized by law. for questions on how personal information collected on this page will be used, please see our privacy statement opens link in a new window . image ministry of health the ministry of health works to help people stay healthy, delivering high-quality care when they need it and protecting the health system for future generations. about ontario accessibility news privacy terms of use ? queen?s printer for ontario, 2012?to22 contact us topics main menu en arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation top
