https://uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/307/contact-us
contact us | office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about us about us message from the vp priorities our team about the vp edi home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us about us message from the vp priorities our team about the vp edi home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us uwindsor home office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about us contact us contact us for general inquiries to the office of the vice-president of equity, diversity and inclusion, please email vpedi@uwindsor.ca or edi@uwindsor.ca. dr. clinton beckford (he/him) acting vice-president of equity, diversity and inclusion vpedi@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext. 2018 learn more about dr. clinton beckford kayla hurst (she/her) executive assistant kayla@uwindsor.ca vpedi@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext. 2642 marium tolson-murtty (she/her) director of anti-racism organization change marium@uwindsor.ca abr@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext. 2006 daniella beaulieu (she/her) executive director, academic initiatives daniell2@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext. 4835 kaye johnson (she/her/they/them/mx.) executive director of human rights, equity and accessibility kjohnson@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext. 2056 ola adeboboye (she/her) intake coordinator- student conduct ola.adeboboye@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext 2671 kaitlyn ellsworth (she/her) black student support coordinator kase5@uwindsor.ca blackstudentsupport@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext 3443 campus partners challenging anti-black racism as an institution of higher learning, the university of windsor has a duty to its faculty, staff, students and the broader community to strive to be an agent of effective change. we have failed to fully address the pervasive racial injustice that manifests in society and on our campus. the year 2020 represents a significant shift in the global conversation around anti-black racism. black, indigenous, and racialized peoples in canada continue to face oppression, and the work of eradicating anti-black racism and oppression in all its forms on our campus is critical. the university of windsor is affirming its commitment to challenge and dismantle systemic oppression. a truly inclusive future for the university of windsor begins with our actions and choices today. we invite all members of the campus community to engage in this important work. for more information, visit the university of windsor's challenging anti-black racism website. office of human rights, equity and accessibility the office of human rights, equity accessibility (ohrea) is responsible for education, human rights inquiries and complaints, ombuds functions related to human rights, equity and accessibility, government reporting, policy development, and any other matters requiring accountability in these areas at the university of windsor. for more information, visit ohrea's website. office of sexual violence prevention, resistance, and support this office exists, foremost, to provide support to members of our campus who have been subjected to sexual misconduct. for more information, visit the sexual assault and sexual misconduct website. turtle island aboriginal education centre the centre provides support to indigenous students reach their highest potential in a culturally supportive atmosphere. for more information, visit the turtle island aboriginal education centre's website. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
