https://engageuwindsor.ca/cookie_policy
cookie policy
 | engage uwindsor
 our website uses cookies cookies help us to understand how you use our website so that we can provide you with the best experience when you are on our site. to find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy. manage cookies a cookie is information stored on your computer by a website you visit. cookies often store your settings for a website, such as your preferred language or location. this allows the site to present you with information customized to fit your needs. as per the gdpr law, companies need to get your explicit approval to collect your data. some of these cookies are ?strictly necessary? to provide the basic functions of the website and can not be turned off, while others if present, have the option of being turned off. learn more about our privacy and cookie policies. these can be managed also from our cookie policy page. strictly necessary cookies(always on): necessary for enabling core functionality. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. this cannot be turned off. e.g. sign in, language analytics cookies: analytical cookies help us to analyse user behaviour, mainly to see if the users are able to find and act on things that they are looking for. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. tools used: google analytics manage cookies social media cookies: we use social media cookies from facebook, twitter and google to run widgets, embed videos, posts, comments and to fetch profile information. manage cookies i'm ok with that manage cookies cancel ? ? skip to skip to skip to content jump to navigation search page outlines loading... ie10 and below are not supported. google chrome mozilla firefox contact us for any help on browser support you are here: home cookie policy some content on this page may not display correctly. please enable javascript in your browser's settings and refresh the page. cookie policy this policy specifically explains how we and our partners deploy cookies and the options you have to control them. our use of cookies cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages or features you find useful and which you do not. what is a cookie? a cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or other device, when a website is loaded on your browser. a cookie is widely used to "remember" you and your preferences. cookies cannot access any information on your computer and most web browsers automatically accept cookies. to learn more about cookies visit allaboutcookies.org (external website). information collected and our purpose for using cookies we may use cookies to record anonymous, non-personal information about your visits to this website in order to measure engagement interest. we may also collect non-personal information about your visit to our website, based on your browsing (click stream) activities. this information includes pages browsed, projects viewed, tools used and other analytical data. we use these details to improve how our website functions and to understand how users interact with them. we make use of different third party applications and services to enhance the experience of website visitors. these include social media platforms such as facebook, linkedin and twitter (through the use of sharing buttons), or embedded content from youtube and vimeo. as a result, cookies may be set by these third parties, and used by them to track your online activity. we have no direct control over the information that is collected by these cookies. we use the following cookies some of these cookies are 'strictly necessary' to provide the basic functions of the website and can not be turned off, while others if present, have the option of being turned off. essential cookies: these cookies are necessary for enabling the core functionality of the site. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. analytical cookies: analytical cookies help us to analyse user behaviour, mainly to see if the users are able to find and act on things that they are looking for. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. tools used: google analytics social media cookies: we use social media cookies which allows you to share certain pages of our website on social media. this includes facebook, twitter and linkedin cookies. contact us for further information about our policy and related information practices, or to make a complaint, please contact us on support@engagementhq.com (external link)
