https://www.uwindsor.ca/coop-workplace-partnerships/317/co-op-fee
co-op fee | co-operative education & workplace partnerships skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students co-operative education & workplace partnerships co-operative education & workplace partnerships students welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us uwindsor home co-operative education & workplace partnerships students co-op fee co-op fee once admitted to the co-op program, students are responsible for paying co-op fees according to the schedule prescribed for their program. the co-op fee is set by the university and may increase each year. co-op fees are non-refundable. once admitted in the program, the student is responsible for paying all co-op fees. fees will be assessed for multiple consecutive semesters including summer, fall and winter sessions. co-op fees are due the same day as tuition for that term. please refer to either the current undergraduate calendar or graduate calendar as appropriate for exact dates. what is the co-op fee? as is the case with tuition fees, co-op fees are set by the board of governors each year and are subject to change. the fee: enables the university to offer and support and support activities inherent to the co-operative education experience is amortized over eight semesters for undergrad students and five semesters for graduate students, and typically begins during the semester that you start preparing for your first co-op work term. the fee is not: a job placement fee payment for direct services provided by co-operative education & workplace partnerships to individual students why is there a co-op fee? co-operative education is costly to administer. besides general expenditures such as overhead, equipment and staff time, co-op fees help cover specific expenses such as the following: job development and employer recognitions (costs associated with securing and maintaining work placements); organizing and scheduling job interviews; the purchase and maintenance of a software program that assists with the placement process; telephone and postage costs (for communication with students and employers); travel and / or telephone costs related to completing work term assessments with employers and students on work term; preparing students for work terms; providing job search and employment readiness training; discussing job options and locations with students; providing assistance with work permit procurement. co-op fees for 2021/2022 fees for 2021/2022 are pending board of governors approval: undergraduate co-op (standard 8 payments) domestic $455.00 (per payment) $3,640.00 (total program fee) international $565.00 (per payment) $4,520.00 (total program fee) undergraduate co-op internship 8 month work term (5 payments) domestic $455.00 (per payment) $2,275.00 (total program fee) international $565.00 (per payment) $2825.00 (total program fee) undergraduate co-op internship 12 month work term (6 payments) domestic $455.00 (per payment) $2,730.00 (total program fee) international $565.00 (per payment) $3,390.00 (total program fee) graduate (m.eng co-op) (4 payments) domestic $455.00 (per payment) $1,820.00 (total program fee) international $565.00 (per payment) $2,260.00 (total program fee) graduate (master of science in computer science (5 payments) domestic $455.00 (per payment) $2,275.00 (total program fee) international $565.00 (per payment) $2,825.00 (total program fee) graduate (master of applied computing internship (4 payments) domestic $455.00 (per payment) $1,820.00 (total program fee) international $565.00 (per payment) $2,260.00 (total program fee) share tweet save employer spotlight share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
