https://www.ontario.ca/page/copyright-information-c-queens-printer-ontario
copyright information: ? queen?s printer for ontario | ontario.ca skip to main content ontario.ca needs javascript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. to have a better experience, you need to: go to your browser's settings enable javascript follow the covid-19 restrictions and public health measures and book your appointment to get vaccinated. government of ontario home page search search fran?ais fr search menu close arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation home government copyright information: ? queen?s printer for ontario how to use and re-use materials on ontario.ca. on this page skip this page navigation overview ontario.ca has information and materials created by government ministries, agencies, third parties, external stakeholders and other partners. this page explains how to use and re-use these materials. unless otherwise indicated, the materials on this website are protected by crown copyright, which is held by the queen?s printer for ontario. if credit is given and crown copyright is acknowledged, the materials may be reproduced for non-commercial purposes if no changes are made to the original content. the materials may only be reproduced for commercial purposes under a licence from the queen?s printer, with the exception of government of ontario legal materials (statutes, regulations and judicial decisions) and materials covered under the open government licence ? ontario. all materials licensed under the open government licence ? ontario have been clearly labelled on the page. policy on copyright on legal materials the queen?s printer for ontario holds copyright in ontario statutes, regulations and judicial decisions. the queen?s printer permits any person to reproduce the text and images contained in the statutes, regulations and judicial decisions without seeking permission and without charge. the legal materials must be reproduced accurately, and crown copyright in the legal materials must be acknowledged in the following form: ? queen?s printer for ontario, 20__.* *the year of first publication of the legal materials is to be completed. the legislation act, 2006 sets out which copies of ontario statutes and regulations are official copies of the law. reproductions of statutes and regulations that are not official copies under that act must state that they are not official versions. reproductions of judicial decisions must state that they are not official versions. open government licence ? ontario read more about the open government licence. licensing and information to request a licence to reproduce any materials on this website for commercial purposes, or for information on crown copyright generally, please contact the queen?s printer?s representative. for further information, please contact: senior copyright advisor publications ontario 416-326-5153 copyright@ontario.ca updated: november 25, 2021 published: october 15, 2012 image serviceontario about ontario accessibility news privacy terms of use ? queen?s printer for ontario, 2012?to22 contact us topics main menu en arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation top
