https://www.bepress.com/copyright
copyright - bepress go products digital commons why digital commons features faculty scholarship & research student work & etds journal publishing data management conferences & events open educational resources & books archives & special collections readership & impact metrics resources digital commons resource library reference & how-to guides promotional materials courses & additional services expert gallery suite why expert gallery suite features expert galleries scholarly profiles impact dashboard resources reference & how-to guides promotional materials about who we are news careers events webinars community news my account contact us home copyright copyright bepress copyright policy you are visiting a webpage at bepress or at a client?s website that is powered by bepress software. authors and institutions should be assured that posting content does not transfer copyright to bepress. if you find content on any site hosted by bepress that infringes your copyright or otherwise violates the law, let bepress know, and we?ll carefully review the material and take appropriate action. you can send notification to us at dmca@elsevier.com. copyright notifications must comply with the requirements of section 512(c)(3) of the digital millennium copyright act. note that only the copyright owner or an authorized representative of the copyright owner can file a dmca infringement notice on his/her behalf. you can be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys? fees) if you materially misrepresent that a product or activity is infringing your copyrights. claims of copyright and other intellectual property infringement can be delivered to: legal department elsevier inc. 230 park avenue suite 800 new york, ny 10169 phone: (212) 989-5800 email: dmca@elsevier.com webinars may 28, 2019 collaborating for successful open access journal publishing apr 26, 2019 global engagement in library-led publishing dec 10, 2018 the modern ir view all webinars community news nov 11, 2021 congratulations to the 2021 digital commons ir all-stars! jul 14, 2020 digital commons dashboards + plumx metrics = the complete picture of your scholarship?s impact jun 04, 2020 history in the making: how the dc community is sharing and documenting covid-19 virus information may 26, 2020 4 ways you can use our new api, starting now view all posts our community about us our blog current status product updates our customers would you like to join our community? contact us for a consultation follow bepress contact 2100 milvia street, suite 300 berkeley, ca, 94704 usa p: 510.665.1200 f. 510. 665.1201 e: info@bepress.com our products digital commons digital commons publishing expert gallery suite our networks digital commons network teaching commons undergraduate research common law review commons helpful links reference & how-to guides webinars events ask bepress contact us we?re here to help support@bepress.com or +1 510 665 1200 x2 6:30 a.m to 7:30 p.m. north american pacific time, monday-friday learn more ?2022 by elsevier b.v. all rights reserved. cookies are used by this site. cookie settings privacy policy terms and conditions cookies careers we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking ?accept?, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information. cookie settings accept manage consent close privacy overview this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. necessary necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. cookie duration description cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months the cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months the cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. save & accept
