https://golancers.ca/sports/2009/8/25/GEN_0825094143.aspx
corporate sponsorship - windsor lancers
 skip to main content windsor lancers main navigation menu baseball - club baseball - club: facebook baseball - club: twitter baseball - club: instagram baseball - club: schedule baseball - club: roster baseball - club: news women's basketball women's basketball: facebook women's basketball: twitter women's basketball: instagram women's basketball: schedule women's basketball: roster women's basketball: news men's basketball men's basketball: facebook men's basketball: twitter men's basketball: instagram men's basketball: schedule men's basketball: roster men's basketball: news cross country cross country: facebook cross country: twitter cross country: instagram cross country: tickets cross country: schedule cross country: roster cross country: news curling curling: facebook curling: twitter curling: instagram curling: schedule curling: roster curling: news fastpitch - club fastpitch - club: facebook fastpitch - club: twitter fastpitch - club: instagram fastpitch - club: schedule fastpitch - club: roster fastpitch - club: news football football: facebook football: twitter football: instagram football: schedule football: roster football: news golf golf: facebook golf: twitter golf: instagram golf: schedule golf: roster golf: news women's hockey women's hockey: facebook women's hockey: twitter women's hockey: instagram women's hockey: schedule women's hockey: roster women's hockey: news men's hockey men's hockey: facebook men's hockey: twitter men's hockey: instagram men's hockey: schedule men's hockey: roster men's hockey: news women's soccer women's soccer: facebook women's soccer: twitter women's soccer: instagram women's soccer: schedule women's soccer: roster women's soccer: news men's soccer men's soccer: facebook men's soccer: twitter men's soccer: instagram men's soccer: schedule men's soccer: roster men's soccer: news track and field track and field: facebook track and field: twitter track and field: instagram track and field: schedule track and field: roster track and field: news women's volleyball women's volleyball: facebook women's volleyball: twitter women's volleyball: instagram women's volleyball: schedule women's volleyball: roster women's volleyball: news men's volleyball men's volleyball: facebook men's volleyball: twitter men's volleyball: instagram men's volleyball: schedule men's volleyball: roster men's volleyball: news staff directory mission statement lancer history employment opportunities equity, diversity & accessibility lancer centre alternate travel form athletic scholarships lancer orientation 2021-22 lancer student athlete committee covid-19 vaccination policy vaccination exemption form oua tv lancer merchandise lancers illustrated - summer 2021 lancer all-time winners request mascot visit composite schedule alumni sports hall of fame corporate sponsorship visual identity media information ig cup oua conduct & discipline about us equity, diversity & accessibility staff directory registration lancer app groups & clubs health & wellness rec news nirsa fitness & nutrition social connections mental wellbeing intellectual/leadership workout of the week recconnect podcast fitness classes personal training yoga dance e-sports fall winter spring/summer ccel general information varsity sport camps general interest camps faq aquatics general information employment opportunities challenge course concussion education active attacker hazing education recreation careers student success & leadership covid-19 procedures hours of operation rental opportunities employment opportunities policies lancer app lancer centre dennis fairall fieldhouse alumni field forge fitness centre multi-purpose space memberships locker rooms lost & found parking information directions accessibility map & information campus map uwindsor.ca academic programs admissions scholarships student life residence life scoreboard corporate sponsorship the windsor lancers athletic department at the university of windsor is committed to extending the affinity of our lancer brand to businesses and corporations of all sizes. companies can align with loyal and passionate sports fans and the field of sports marketing to communicate their product, brand or service through a variety of marketing and hospitality opportunities. the university of windsor features a large alumni base of over 140,000 in windsor and across the globe and an annual student population of greater than 15,000. the lancer varsity athletics program is one of the finest in the country. our intercollegiate athletics teams have won an astounding 130 provincial and national championships making their mark on university sport across the country. in addition to providing an entertaining product on the field, court, ice and track, the lancers strive for and focus on community involvement. our student-athletes, coaches, mascot and promotions team all participate in community events, youth initiatives and school literacy programs. lancer fan demographics who is a windsor lancers fan? typical fans are between the ages of 18-34 (62%) with a big part of the group being our student body. the other large group are between the ages of 35-51 (36%) which include parents, family members and alumni from the university. the lancer fan base is largely suburban and fiercely loyal meaning when you sponsor the lancers, our fans can become your loyal customers! by partnering with the lancers, you reach some of the most affluent, well-educated and technologically savvy consumers in the region. partnership/marketing opportunities sports provide a widespread audience that can be reached in many different ways. the windsor lancers offer customers a multitude of marketing and media sponsorship opportunities including but not limited to the following: signage, media advertising (radio & webcast), print advertising, website advertising, game sponsorships, pregame, in-game and halftime promotions, student-athlete and fan activation, hospitality events etc. we will work with you to create a marketing package with the most relevant assets that will align with your brand/service exposure needs. join our team! with your support, our windsor lancers will continue its commitment to activate, educate, mentor and develop student-athletes into leaders of tomorrow. using dedication, passion and hard work our student-athletes have make impacts in the classroom, on their field of play and throughout the community to become proud ambassadors of our lancer brand. help us build on this program of excellence by supporting the development of community champions who will carry forward your spirit of philanthropy, perseverance and passion that is at the core of every lancer athlete. for more information on corporate sponsorship opportunities and to customize a partnership package that is a win-win for your organization and the university of windsor lancers, please contact marketing & sponsorship coordinator mona sleiman at (519) 253.3000 ext. 2441 or via email at: mona@uwindsor.ca. sponsors footer terms of service, opens in new window privacy policy, opens in new window sidearm sports learfield, opens a new window ad blocker detected thanks for visiting ! the use of software that blocks ads hinders our ability to serve you the content you came here to enjoy. we ask that you consider turning off your ad blocker so we can deliver you the best experience possible while you are here. thank you for your support! learn more about ad blockers close
