https://www.wesparkhealth.com/covid-screening-platform
covid screening platform | we spark health institute enter your search terms here search we-spark app covid screening platform submit a request menu home community engagement about community engagement community events resource hubs donate engage program participate in a study news research about our research members join us programs projects tools for our researchers education and training about education and training undergraduate students graduate students professional development events conferences & workshops speaker series community outreach other events past events about us who we are strategic overview our impact newsletters diversity and inclusion media & news releases photo gallery contact covid screening platform home covid screening platform summary | sign up for saliva screening | covid-19 dashboard | our team | outcomes a windsor solution to rapidly detect covid-19 in the university of windsor community. our region has implemented a surveillance-based informative framework that combines wastewater testing with low-cost saliva-based qpcr screening to monitor sars-cov-2. we aim to rapidly inform our community of covid-19 positive cases to keep schools and essential sectors of the economy open while protecting vulnerable populations. we had an information session about the saliva screening on wednesday, september 8, 2021, at 4 pm. please view a recording of the information session here. sign up for our research study have questions about our saliva screening research study? please email the research study manager, jackie fong at jfong111@uwindsor.ca or dr. lisa porter at lporter@uwindsor.ca. please review the phase 2 overview and the safety protocol before signing the consent form using the "sign up" button below. @uwinscreeninglab tutorial for saliva collection collection sites location and times: essex core building room 105 google maps link tuesday-thursday: 10 am to 12 pm; 1 pm to 4 pm human kinetics building-pool deck monday: 7 am to 9:30 am toldo hec building room 110 tbd covid-19 dashboard this interactive covid-19 dashboard displays data from the number of tests completed through the uwindsor qpcr screening and windsor and essex county wastewater surveillance data. wastewater from windsor-essex is collected from wastewater treatment plants every monday, wednesday and friday. the data on the dashboard is updated daily at 8:30 am and 2:00 pm. our team outcomes phase 1-essex-core researchers we released the findings of phase 1 on may 14, 2021. below is a summary of the information in the phase 1 final report (link to pdf). upcoming events we-spark events create a dynamic environment for our researchers by enabling, supporting and promoting excellence. our outreach events are geared to enhancing understanding and engaging our community. conferences & workshops think tank - april 22, 2022 04 | 22 | 2022 click for more community outreach cheers to hope fundraiser - april 27th, 2022 04 | 27 | 2022 click for more other events of interest sample size determination 04 | 8 | 2022 click for more news professor recognized for hands-on approach to engineering education 03 | 24 | 2022 survey to probe effect of pandemic on adolescents and young adults 03 | 14 | 2022 we-spark health institute issues call for proposals 03 | 11 | 2022 students win recognition for leadership on equity, diversity, and inclusion in research 03 | 2 | 2022 warning system to prevent beach drownings 03 | 1 | 2022 social work professor lauded for research into hiv/aids 02 | 28 | 2022 tweets by wesparkhealth see all news articles igniting discovery, living better community eventseducation and training programs join us - become a memberdonate copyright ? 2022 we spark health institute | website by nyn web+marketing | powered by web os warning it appears that your web browser has an option called "enable javascript" disabled. this means that certain pages onour website will not function properly for you. enabling javascript on your browser will be slightly different depending on what browser you use. below are some links to browser-specific documentation about enabling javascript. please click herewhen you've finished enabling it. mozilla (firefox) users: click here internet explorer users: click here ? we spark health institute
