https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/2019-novel-coronavirus-infection/prevention-risks/about-non-medical-masks-face-coverings.html
covid-19 mask use: advice for community settings  - canada.ca skip to main content skip to "about government" language selection fran?ais fr / gouvernement du canada search search canada.ca search menu main menu jobs and the workplace immigration and citizenship travel and tourism business and industry benefits health taxes environment and natural resources national security and defence culture, history and sport policing, justice and emergencies transport and infrastructure canada and the world money and finances science and innovation you are here: canada.ca coronavirus disease (covid-19) prevention and risks covid-19 mask use: advice for community settings advice for community settings types of masks and respirators how to make your mask fit properly how to choose, use and care for a mask this advice is intended for the general public and is not intended for occupational health purposes, including health care settings. it outlines: when to wear a mask what type of mask to choose how to improve fit other factors to consider when wearing a mask on this page why wearing a mask continues to be important when to wear a mask what type of mask to choose materials and construction fit is important for all mask types proper use and care considerations for specific groups face coverings that aren't recommended environmental considerations why wearing a mask continues to be important it's important to continue practising public health measures recommended or required by local public health authorities, including individual measures, such as wearing a mask. this is because: although covid-19 vaccines in canada provide protection against severe illness, vaccinated people can still be infected and spread covid-19 when more activities occur indoors (for example, during colder weather), we may come into closer contact with others outside of our household when layered with other recommended public health measures, a well-constructed, well-fitting and properly worn mask can help prevent the spread of covid-19. masks can help: contain your respiratory particles prevent or reduce the amount of infectious respiratory particles you inhale, particularly when wearing a well-constructed, well-fitting mask when to wear a mask make wearing a mask part of your regular routine. follow local public health advice on when you should wear a mask. masks may be recommended or required in public settings like: stores schools businesses workplaces public transit even if masks aren't required in your area or the setting you're in, wearing a mask is an added layer of protection. whether you're vaccinated or not, you should consider wearing one in shared spaces with people from outside of your immediate household. this is especially important indoors, whether in private or public settings. masks are strongly recommended in any crowded setting, including settings with vaccination requirements. learn more about: covid-19: individual public health measures covid-19: provincial and territorial resources covid-19: physical distancing and your immediate household covid-19: people at greater risk of exposure covid-19: people at risk of more severe disease or outcomes going out safely during covid-19 my covid-19 visit risk what type of mask to choose different types of masks are available for public use. respirators, medical masks and non-medical masks can all be used in the community. when deciding what type of mask to wear, choose the best quality and best fitting mask or respirator that's available to you. in general, while non-medical masks can help prevent the spread of covid-19, medical masks and respirators provide better protection. no matter which type of mask you choose, proper fit is a key factor in its effectiveness. situations for respirator use respirators sold in canada are required to meet established standards for filtration, breathability and fluid resistance. a respirator worn in the community doesn't need formal fit testing. respirators are recommended for: anyone who has tested positive for or has symptoms of covid-19 anyone in quarantine, such as those who have been exposed to a person with covid-19 caregivers and household members of anyone in isolation or quarantine this is especially important for those who: are at risk of more severe disease or outcomes from covid-19 live in an overcrowded setting if a respirator is unavailable to you in the above situations, it's recommended that you wear a well-fitted medical mask. if neither are available, you should properly wear a well-constructed and well-fitting non-medical mask. situations for medical mask use medical masks sold in canada are required to meet established standards for filtration, breathability and fluid resistance. medical masks are recommended for people who are at: risk of more severe disease or outcomes from covid-19 these people could also consider using a respirator higher risk of exposure to covid-19 because of their living situation these people could also consider using a respirator if a medical mask or respirator is unavailable, you should properly wear a well-constructed and well-fitting non-medical mask. non-medical mask use there's currently no required standard for non-medical masks sold in canada. few non-medical masks provide information about their filtration effectiveness. the effectiveness of non-medical masks in preventing the spread of covid-19 can vary based on material, construction, fit and proper use. some non-medical masks can help prevent the spread of covid-19 similarly to medical masks if they: fit well and are properly used have multiple layers, including at least 2 layers of breathable tightly woven fabric, such as cotton and have an effective middle filter layer learn more about: covid-19: isolation instructions covid-19: how to care for someone who has or may have been exposed covid-19 mask use: types of masks and respirators people at risk of more severe disease or outcomes from covid-19 materials and construction how well a mask works depends on many factors, including its materials, construction and fit. medical masks and respirators medical masks and respirators are widely available for purchase. their construction materials may vary, but must meet established filtration standards to be sold in canada. non-medical masks a non-medical mask can be bought or homemade and should be made of: multiple layers, including at least 2 layers of tightly woven fabric, such as cotton and a third, middle layer of filter-type fabric, such as non-woven polypropylene materials that are breathable using a filter as a middle layer in your non-medical mask can help to trap smaller infectious respiratory particles. you can include a filter in your non-medical mask by: adding a filter fabric as a middle layer inserting a disposable filter into a pocket on the inside of the mask filters can be purchased or you can prepare your own using a piece of filter fabric reusable masks with an integrated filter layer can be washed multiple times. disposable filters should be: changed as directed by the manufacturer removed from the mask before washing masks with exhalation valves do not use masks or respirators with exhalation valves. masks with exhalation valves or vents allow infectious respiratory particles to spread outside the mask. these masks do not protect others from covid-19 or limit the spread of the virus. fit is important for all mask types how well a mask works also depends on fit. when choosing a mask, keep in mind: the fit of the mask can vary depending on the size and features of your face masks with a flexible nosepiece may provide a better fit over the nose masks with ties or bands that go around the back of the head may provide a better fit if choosing an ear loop-style mask, use one with adjustable ear loops or use the tips below to improve fit respirators are designed to fit snugly on the face, which may allow for a better fit than a medical mask or non-medical mask a respirator worn in the community doesn't need formal fit testing a well-fitting mask should: be large enough to completely and comfortably cover the nose, mouth and chin without gaps and not allow air to escape from edges fit securely to the head with ties, bands or ear loops be comfortable and not require frequent adjustments maintain its shape after washing and drying (for non-medical masks only) ways to improve fit include: adjusting ties, bands or ear loops adjusting the flexible nosepiece tying knots in the ear loops and tucking the sides of the mask so that it lies flat using a mask fitter or brace a mask fitter or brace is a device made of flexible material worn over a mask to help provide a snug fit fitters and braces may be made of plastic or silicone layering a well-fitting non-medical cloth mask over the top of a disposable mask to improve the fit this will help to push the edges of the disposable mask closer to your face make sure that you can still breathe easily when wearing 2 masks keeping facial hair and beards shaved or short, if possible, so the mask can fit more closely to your face learn more about: covid-19 mask use: how to make your mask fit properly (printable poster) proper use and care to make mask use as effective as possible, it's essential to make sure you're using, storing and cleaning them properly. a mask is most effective when it's worn properly. keep your nose and mouth covered while wearing a mask to prevent exposing yourself and others to potentially infectious respiratory particles. wash your hands or use alcohol-based hand sanitizer when you: adjust your mask put your mask on take your mask off it's important to keep your mask clean when not in use, or when eating or drinking. do not hang the mask from your ears or place it under your chin. store it in a clean paper or cloth bag until you put it on again. properly clean and disinfect any items that improve mask fit, like braces and mask fitters. discard disposable masks and filters properly in a garbage container or use a mask recycling program if one is available. medical masks and respirators medical masks and respirators are typically single use and disposable, but may be reused until visibly dirty, damp or damaged. non-medical masks change your mask as soon as possible if it gets dirty, damp or damaged. place dirty reusable non-medical masks in a secure, waterproof bag or container until you can wash them in a washing machine or by hand. wash the mask with hot, soapy water and dry completely before wearing again. safety considerations when wearing a mask, make sure that it: is made of breathable materials can be removed quickly and safely if necessary keeps your vision clear and doesn't interfere with tasks do not: share your mask with others place a mask on anyone: under the age of 2 years who's unable to remove it without assistance who has trouble breathing while wearing the mask secure a mask with tape or other inappropriate materials make a mask out of materials that easily fall apart, like tissues learn more about: covid-19 mask use: how to choose, use and care for a mask reduce the spread of covid-19: wash your hands (printable poster) list of approved covid-19 hand sanitizers covid-19: cleaning and disinfecting considerations for specific groups people at higher risk of exposure or more severe disease or outcomes some people are at higher risk of: more severe disease or outcomes if they get covid-19 exposure to covid-19 because of their living situation if you're at higher risk, it's even more important to: properly wear a well-fitting medical mask consider wearing a respirator if one is available to you if a medical mask or respirator isn't available to you, make sure you properly wear a well-constructed and well-fitting non-medical mask. some people may be at increased risk of exposure due to their job or occupation. these people should follow the mask policies put in place by their workplace or employer. these policies take into account specific risks related to the settings and tasks. learn more about: covid-19: people at a greater risk of exposure covid-19: people at risk of more severe disease or outcomes covid-19: medical masks and respirators covid-19 mask use: how to make your mask fit properly (printable poster) if you're sick or caring for someone who is sick if you've been diagnosed with, or have symptoms of covid-19, you should wear a respirator (or if unavailable, a well-fitted medical mask) when you: have to leave your isolation location (for example, to seek medical attention) are in a shared indoor space by yourself or with others, like a: hallway kitchen washroom are in a shared outdoor space with members of your household, like a: balcony backyard are receiving care (either direct physical contact or close interactions) wear a respirator (or if unavailable, a well-fitted medical mask) if you're providing care to someone who has been diagnosed with, or has symptoms of covid-19. if a medical mask or respirator is unavailable, wear a non-medical mask that: is well fitting is well constructed includes a filter layer learn more about: symptoms of covid-19 covid-19: medical masks and respirators covid-19: isolation instructions covid-19: how to care at home for someone who has or may have been exposed children and masks children under the age of 2 should not wear masks. between the ages of 2 and 5, children may be able to wear a mask if supervised. this will depend on their ability to tolerate it as well as put it on and take it off. children older than 5 should wear a mask in the same situations or settings where they're recommended for adults. a child's ability to properly use and care for their mask is impacted by factors such as: age maturity physical or cognitive ability learn more about: covid-19 mask use: when to wear a mask mask use for people who are hard of hearing some non-medical masks have transparent windows. you can use these masks: if you're hard of hearing if you interact with people who lip read in settings where facial expression is an important part of communication if a non-medical mask with a transparent window isn't available: only the person speaking should remove their mask while communicating maintain physical distancing when possible, choose a well ventilated indoor space, open a window or door, or go outdoors to communicate use written communication, closed captioning or decrease background noise as much as possible learn more about: covid-19: physical distancing covid-19: improving indoor ventilation covid-19 mask use: considerations for manufacturers stigma and those who can't wear masks some people may not be able to wear a mask. be kind rather than making assumptions. for those unable to wear a mask, singling them out in public can be socially isolating and lead to anxiety. masks aren't recommended for: children under the age of 2 people who live with illnesses or disabilities that make it difficult to put on or take off a mask without assistance those who have trouble breathing while wearing the mask masks in the workplace when putting in place or making changes to mask policies for the workplace, employers should consult: occupational health and safety acts and regulations occupational health and safety committees and/or representatives reputable occupational health and safety resources, such as the canadian centre for occupational health and safety (ccohs) or their local public health authority operators of community settings should have a supply of respirators available: to give to anyone who may develop symptoms on site if they need to assist a person with symptoms this includes settings like schools, daycares, places of worship, recreational facilities or event venues. if respirators are unavailable, operators of community settings should use a supply of medical masks. learn more about: covid-19: provincial and territorial resources covid-19: medical masks and respirators canadian centre for occupational health and safety: covid-19 health and safety resources for manufacturers non-medical masks aren't considered medical devices under the medical devices regulations. face coverings or non-medical masks: aren't regulated as medical devices can't make medical claims or indicate they will reduce or prevent the user from being infected by a disease to date, health canada hasn't approved any non-medical masks as medical devices. well-constructed, well-fitting and properly worn non-medical masks can help prevent the spread of covid-19 from an infected wearer to others. they can help prevent the wearer from being exposed to the infectious respiratory particles of others. how effective non-medical masks are depends on their materials, construction, fit and proper use. manufacturers can use this advice to construct their non-medical masks. they cannot use it to make claims that non-medical masks are medical devices. health canada does regulate respirators and medical masks as medical devices, which must meet a standard level of performance and quality requirements. learn more about: medical devices regulations medical masks: information for health professionals covid-19: medical masks and respirators face coverings that aren't recommended face shields face shields on their own do not replace masks. a face shield can be worn in addition to a mask for added eye protection. without a mask, a face shield won't help prevent you or others from being exposed to infectious respiratory particles. these particles come from the nose and mouth, and can escape around the face shield. if wearing a face shield, choose one that extends around the sides of the face and below the chin. you'll still need to: maintain physical distancing practise good hand hygiene, especially if you touch the face shield learn more about: covid-19: physical distancing reduce the spread of covid-19: wash your hands (printable poster) list of approved covid-19 hand sanitizers neck gaiters (neck warmers), scarves and bandanas neck gaiters (also known as neck warmers), scarves and bandanas aren't recommended because they: don't include a filter layer aren't made of effective materials are likely to move or slip out of place aren't well secured to the head or ears are difficult to remove without contaminating yourself learn more about: reduce the spread of covid-19: wash your hands (printable poster) list of approved covid-19 hand sanitizers environmental considerations many disposable masks are mostly made of plastic. growing quantities of disposable masks are being discarded in the regular garbage, as there's little to no opportunity for recycling. this increases the amount of: unrecycled waste going to landfills plastic pollution in the environment or in water sources if there's a mask recycling program where you live, consider using it. when appropriate and possible, reusing masks can help prevent the spread of covid-19 while also reducing your environmental impact. if using a disposable mask, always make sure that you dispose of it properly in a garbage container. learn more about: covid-19 mask use: how to choose, use and care for a mask (printable poster) related links travel restrictions in canada: entry, borders and transit covid-19: medical masks and respirators covid-19 mask use: how to choose, use and care for a mask (printable poster) regulatory considerations on the classification of non-medical masks guidance for transparent medical mask technical specifications report a problem or mistake on this page please select all that apply: a link, button or video is not working it has a spelling mistake information is missing information is outdated or wrong login error when trying to access an account (e.g. my service canada account) gc key access securekey concierge (banking credential) access personal access code (pac) problems or ei access code (ac) problems social insurance number (sin) validation problems other login error not in this list i can't find what i'm looking for other issue not in this list submit thank you for your help! you will not receive a reply. for enquiries, contact us. date modified: 2022-02-01 about government contact us departments and agencies public service and military news treaties, laws and regulations government-wide reporting prime minister about government open government about this site social media mobile applications about canada.ca terms and conditions privacy top of page
