https://www.uwindsor.ca/nursing/522/covid-19-updates-faq#nursingfaq
covid-19 nursing updates & faq | faculty of nursing skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us faculty of nursing in this section dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links uwindsor home faculty of nursing covid-19 nursing updates & faq covid-19 nursing updates & faq the faculty of nursing's faculty and staff is currently working online until further notice. we appreciate your patience and understand you may have many questions. please review our nursing faqs and updates below. our faculty and staff are working hard to provide you information as soon as it becomes available. please do not hesitate to contact us - the nursing office, your course professors, clinical instructors, student success coordinator. we are available by phone, email and through other digital means. presently, email is the best method of communication. please note: our office is unattended during this time. if you have specific questions about your coursework or clinical, please communicate directly with your course professor clinical instructor/faculty advisor unless otherwise directed. for covid related concerns please read the following carefully: if you have been exposed to a person who tested positive to covid, have symptoms of covid and/or tested postive yourself on a covid pcr or rapid test - do not go to clinical or campus until cleared to do so. please fill out this form: covid questionnaire and return to melissa weller as soon as possible for further instruction. general information is also available on the university's coronavirus website, which is regularly updated and includes resources for students, instructors and researchers. thank you in advance for your understanding and cooperation, faculty of nursing covid-19 nursing faq & updates faculty of nursing program information q. what is the return to campus policy? as announced by the government of ontario, capacity limits in indoor spaces across the province were lifted on tuesday, march 1. accordingly, effective monday, march 7, capacity limits for indoor on-campus buildings will be removed. 100% capacity (based on fire code) will be permitted in all buildings, including: leddy library caw student centre st. denis centre / forge fitness centre capacity restrictions in elevators, washrooms and other shared spaces such as meeting rooms are no longer in effect. however, it is recommended that 2 metre distancing remain where possible. there are no changes to classroom occupancy limits as these were set at the time of registration for the winter 2022 semester. daily screening through the self-assessment questionnaire (safe lancer app) remains mandatory, as well as the use of designated building entrances and scanning of green "approved" qr codes/badges. masking requirements remain in place across the province (and on-campus) at this time. masks can be obtained from the chemical control centre. review the university of windsor mask policy at this link. q. what is happening with inter-summer session? a. for information on registration for the inter-summer session 2022 semester, please visit: https://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/515/registration-information or https://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/541/timetable-information q. what does online learning look like? worried about online learning in nursing? online learning webinars are available. please visit http://learn.uwindsor.ca/uwin-online to view powerpoint presentation or to hear video recording of the webinar. you can also visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/515/registration-information for information on the modes of course delivery. q. what is happening with my theory courses? a. please read the following: classes for the winter 2022 term will begin on january 3, 2022 as previously planned to accommodate clinical rotations, but will also be held virtually as much as possible. any formal or informal university in-person gatherings have been postponed, and meetings should be held virtually where possible. in-person exams will continue as scheduled. currently courses will be delivered online until safe to resume the original format of in person, online, hybrid and hy-flex. to learn more, click on https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/ final exam dates for nursing theory courses may be anywhere from april 20th to april 30th. please watch for updates from your course professor regarding your final exams. consolidation for all years has not changed. for year 3, any exams that conflict with consolidation will be adjusted. information on the uwinsite may not be up to date as it refers to the mode of delivery. please reference your course blackboard site for announcements and contact your course professor for specific questions. please visit the important dates on the registrar's website for changes or updates. q. what is happening with labs and clinical? a. all clinical will be face to face with virtual conferences. announcements regarding clinical requirements have been posted on the clinical blackboard sites and sent to students' via email. all hospitals and community placements require students to be fully vaccinated. a. labs for years 1, 2 and 3 will be in person (face to face) on campus. a. please visit the important dates on the registrar's page for dates for winter orientation and consolidation. q. is the general nursing lab (clinical learning centre) or sim lab open? a. yes, the sim lab is open for scheduled sim only. the general lab is open for appointments only. please see below on how to book an appointment. general lab appointments in person peer mentor appointments: lab practice time must be booked by each individual student. do not come to the lab without an appointment time. lab practice will be in toldo 212 or 214. please come to toldo 212 at your booked practice time to be screened by a peer mentor. ensure your safe lancer app has been completed before coming to campus. also bring your lab kit & goggles/face shield. if you would like to book an in person appointment please use the following link: march 11-april 8: https://uofwlabpractice.youcanbook.me/ april 11-21: https://uofwlabpractice-duringexams.youcanbook.me/ virtual peer mentor appointments: we will also be offering virtual peer mentor appointments. you will be meeting through microsoft teams. this app you can download to your phone or computer. please sign in with your uofw information (uwin and password). please check this before your appointment and make sure you know how to use it, so you are prepared. the peer mentor will set up an appointment on teams and it will appear on the teams calendar. please click join at the time of your appointment. if you would like to book a virtual appointment please email me at lacey.rivest@uwindsor.ca if you have questions about the sim lab, please contact: dr. debbie rickeard: rickeard@uwindsor.ca q. academic & nursing program support services? a. program advising is available monday-friday 8:30-4:30 for the nursing program: please email fran meloche, rn mscn student success coordinator; fmeloche@uwindsor.ca to schedule an appointment (virtual or phone). some reasons for academic advising include: academic pathway and course planning struggling with school in general or a particular course build a study survival toolkit and create goals for your learning tutor match program discuss support services and get connected (within department or on campus) discuss career pathways of a registered nurse explore opportunities for employment that match your strengths and discuss your resume learn how to be involved as a volunteer on campus or in our community learn about graduate programs within the faculty of nursing at the university of windsor discuss inquires related to: transfer credits, course equivalency, program transfers, progression in the bscn program much more.. a. missed an event in nursing? no problem. all events are recorded and available on the blackboard organization site https://blackboard.uwindsor.ca/ nursing student support centre (2021) under the events tab. a. missed an event from the career exploration series? all events are recorded and available on blackboard under "nursing employer information & resources" under event archive (recordings) q. guidance for nursing students who have covid-19 symptoms, contact or a positive covid-19 test a. guidance for nursing students who have covid-19 symptoms, contact, or a positive covid-19 test: due to the high volume of emails, prof. weller may not be able to respond to you immediately. therefore, if you fail screening for placement or campus do not attend your placement or campus until further guidance is provided. prof. weller will follw up for steps as soon as possible. complete this questionnaire with as much detail as possible and return it to our covid contact tracing coordinator, melissa weller wellerme@uwindsor.ca covid-19 reporting questionnaire please include your clinical and lab instructor and the clinical lead for your year on your email (nbownes@uwindsor.ca for years 1 & 3 or dennison@uwindsor.ca for years 2 & 4) contact tracing support is available at the times listed below. please note that emails are not monitored on fridays and sundays. please always allow 24-48 hours for a response. monday 9:30am to 3:30pm tuesday 9:30am to 3:30pm wednesday 3:30pm to 5:30pm thursday 9:30am to 3:30pm friday - n/a saturday 9:00am to 1:00pm sunday- n/a q. year 4 students: nclex & temporary classification information a. nclex information can be found: https://www.cno.org/en/become-a-nurse/entry-to-practice-examinations/nclex-rn/exam-writers/qas-about-the-nclex-rn-for-exam-writers/. please continue to check the college of nurses site to find updates regarding when you are eligible to write your nclex. as a reminder, students need to complete the bscn program and have an offer of employment before they are able to apply for a temporary licence. q. how do i apply to cgfns during covid? effective july 16, 2020 the commission on graduates of foreign nursing schools (cgfns) request for academic records/transcript forms are processed electronically through the university of windsor, faculty of nursing office. please visit nursing visa screen application process for the complete application process. you will also find instructions to other nursing boards on this link. q. pandemic and athletics: what are they saying? information on the re-opening of the st. denis centre can be found at https://golancers.ca/sports/2020/11/19/covid-procedures.aspx looking to stay fit and active during the pandemic? check out our free virtual classes offered by lancer rec at https://golancers.ca/sports/2020/11/2/fitness-nutrition.aspx for up to date news and information on your windsor lancer varsity teams, visit their website at https://www.golancers.ca/ student support program and student wellness q. i am worried about my mental health and well-being. what counselling supports are available? a. the faculty of nursing is proud to provide support services to our students to build coping skills and provide space to discuss personal challenges and receive support when they need it. we have an in-house therapist available for all enrolled students. counselling appointments are completely confidential and offered at no additional cost to students. outside of academic pressures, students may have to deal with stress related to: physical or mental illness (e.g., depression, anxiety) family issues/conflict concerns around substance use relationship issues/endings illness or death of a loved one living away from home processing distressing events financial stress sometimes coping with one or more of these streses can be overwhelming. the faculty of nursing's clinical therapist and the professional staff of the student counselling centre are here to help. the university offers short-term counselling and therapy services to enrolled students during the fall, winter, spring, and summer semesters. to make an appointment: please email scc@uwindsor.ca you will be contacted within 24-48 hours. you can choose to speak to the intake worker who has appointments each day on a first come first served bassis or schedule an appointment to speak with the faculty of nursing clinical therapist, or another therapist if you prefer. you will be asked to complete an intake, confidentiality, and consent form. please have your student id card/number with you. if you prefer to seek counselling off-campus, the university of windsor students alliance (uwsa) negotiates and provides a health & dental plan for all students. this includes some coverage for mental health counselling, see health and dental plan for more information. if you need to speak with someone immediately, or after hours you can contact the following services: crisis services canada 1-833-456-4566 myssp 1-844-451-9700, 24/7 talk or text, access to licensed counsellors in 35+ languages/cultures. windsor community crisis centre 24-hour crisis line: 519-973-4435 walk-in service at community crisis centre 744 ouellette avenue monday - sunday 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. wellness together canada mental health & substance use counselling for anyone living in canada. 1-866-585-0445 or text: wellness to 686868 sexual assault crisis centre crisis support for anyone in windsor-essex with experiences of recent or past sexual violence. 519-253-9667 hiatus house 24/7 emergency shelter in a safe and secure building for women experiencing abuse and their children. call: (519) 252-7781 good2talk 24/7 student helpline - 1-866-925-5454 hope for wellness 24/7 helpline for first nations, metis, and inuit 1-855-242-3310 you can visit the university of windsor?s student health, counselling & wellness site for more information and support for your mental well-being including small groups, online modules through tao, abiliticbt and more. student accessibility services in addition to the provision/coordination of classroom and testing accomodations, student accessibility services (sas) provides a variety of services and supports to students who have registered with sas, having documented disabilities including: learning disabilities attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder acquired brain injuries vision, hearing and mobility impairments chronic medical conditions psychiatric issues students new to the university of windsor need to complete the intake and registration form on the sas website: https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentaccessibility/ . an advisor from sas will contact the student and support the student virtually through this process. if you are a registered sas student, please follow up with your advisor and they will assist you. should you have any difficulties in connecting with your advisor, please email: sas@uwindsor.ca. student health services and student self-report of illness student health services student self-report of illness given the potential for ongoing health-related concerns, the university has made the decision to extend the use of the student self-report of illness interface (with the exception of students in the jd and the dual jd), and to continue to waive the requirement to submit medical notes until further notice. this ask.uwindsor article outlines how students can self-report illness through uwinsite student. the office of the registrar will send a cumulative list of students who have self-reported illness to each department weekly throughout the semester. during exam periods, these lists will be distributed daily. all lists will be organized by instructor and course for sharing with instructors. as always, students are entitled to request accommodations based on medical or compassionate grounds as per bylaw 54, 2.18 and bylaw 55, 1.11. determinations about whether and how to accommodate students who submit requests for consideration based on compassionate grounds will as usual be made by instructors and/or the associate dean, in keeping with any standard procedures within specific faculties and the senate bylaws. to report any illness go to https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2020-04-02/new-interface-enables-students-self-report-illness-symptoms-related-coronavirus student resources for on campus support q. are you looking for a study space on campus? for information on study spaces on campus, please follow the guidelines below: a. please visit this https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/library-spaces/spaces-bookings to book a personal study room or study space. q. are library resources still offered for nursing students? a. the library will continue to provide services to students, faculty and staff remotely. for updates, please visit: http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/ q. who can i contact if i'm having difficulty accessing my courses remotely? a. information technology services is happy to help any students who have difficult accessing university sites or course resources remotely. if you need assistance please leave a message at x4440 or log a ticket at uwindsor.ca/itshelp for assistance. you can also visit ask.uwindsor.ca for additional information. a. if you are experiencing technical difficulties at home, the university of windsor has wifi and has developed a safe study space on campus for students. please see question: are you looking for a safe study space on campus? student awards & financial aid information regarding student awards and financial aid can be found on https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentawards/361/about-us for other available services on campus, please visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/2020-08-05/available-remote-services residence services for information on the residence services, please visit the residence services home page food services food services will continue to provide meals to campus seven days a week, with its primary focus being the delivery of a food program for students who live on campus. food services will continue to assess the level of service being offered to the campus and will change hours of business based on the number of guests using each service. for updates on the daily hours of business please check the food services website. www.uwindsor.ca/foodservices/ the campus food pantry continues to operate. please visit university of windsor students' alliance (uwsa) website for information: https://uwsa.ca/uwsa-services/campus-food-pantry/ or visiti https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2020-10-01/pantry-open-students-needing-food for how to contact the campus food pantry directly. q. what is happening with the lead program, bounce back, or the outstanding scholars program? a. student success and leadership centre sslc hiring practices for the student staff working during fall 2021 and winter 2022 are moving forward. student staff will work remotely. faculty leaders for summer 2022 are still expected to be recruited and utilized, as per usual. we are unsure if we will be operating online or in person (or hybrid) by that time. lead is still operating as well, and we will be recruiting new members in winter 2022. bounce back is working on offering in-person cohorts in the second half of the fall semester, in the meantime, you can sign up for the full and live/synchronous program here: https://www.uwindsor.ca/success/bounceback . research from the last year tells us that online students get all of the same benefits as those that took the program in-person before the pandemic. if you are struggling to feel connected, achieve the academic results you want, or balance all of your commitments come check us out! career development & experiential learning career development and experiential learning our primary location in the joyce entrepreneurship centre is open from 8:30am-4:30pm monday through friday. most services are taking place online or over the phone only, but cdel is offering a limited number of in-person appointments for students/alumni who would like to meet with a career advisor in person. you can book appointments and register for online workshops via mysuccess. for appointments, a career advisor will either be in touch to schedule the meeting over microsoft teams or call you at the scheduled time at the phone number you provided. you can upload your resume or other documents at the time of booking your appointment or email them in advance of your appointment to careerservices@uwindsor.ca. for information about booking an in-person appointment and the required protocols, please visit the cdel website. our workshops are held on blackboard. instructions for joining our blackboard site and participating in the workshop can be found in the event description on the mysuccess calendar. we also offer drop-in peer career advising from 12-3pm on wednesdays, thursdays and fridays on our blackboard site in the virtual workshop and advising room. visit our website at www.uwindsor.ca/cdel for more information. please email careerservices@uwindsor.ca if you have any questions and one of the advisors will reply to you. students with questions about the ignite work study or vip-community service learning programs should communicate with coordinators at ignite@uwindsor.ca and vip@uwindsor.ca respectively. cashier's office please visit: https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/student-accounts to find contact information for the student accounts office: email, in-person appointments, and telephone hours are posted. contact & other general information contact numbers for covid-19 or health inquiries important contact numbers: windsor-essex country health unit: 519-258-2146 ext. 1420 the windsor-essex county health unit (wechu) is the regional health organization that is responsible for public health in the windsor essex region. wechu works closely with public health ontario and the public health agency of canada to track, manage and respond to pandemic-related concerns. telehealth ontario: 1-866-797-0000 telehealth ontario is a free, confidential service you can call to get health advice or information. a registered nurse will take your call 24 hours a day, seven days a week. contacts for university of windsor students: student health services 519-973-7002 contacts for uwindsor employees: contact your family doctor, a local walk-in clinic or telehealth ontario at 1-866-797-0000 safe lancer app please visit safe lancer app to download the app on your mobile device. please remember we are currently under a stay at home order therefore only essential services are allowed on campus. once the university eases restrictions to allow access to campus, you must show green access to campus on the safe lancer app. other quick links coronavirus faq coronavirus: update & information how to update your emergency contact information student health services my student support program www.weareunited.com/covid-19 www.weareunited.com/gethelp safe lancer app share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
