https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/stay-connected/covid-19-updates-library-services
covid-19: updates on library services | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library covid-19: updates on library services leddy library in this section stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates connect with your library covid-19: updates on library services updates: library hours and services as of march 20th, 2022 health and safety on campus masks are mandatory while on campus until the end of the winter semester. to read the university's announcement please visit the return to campus site. the uwindsor vaccine policy requires that all members of the campus community fill out the vaccination attestation form. before you come to campus, download the safe lancer app and complete the covid-19 self-assessment. you must have an approved status to enter the library. library building hours monday - friday: 8:00am - 12:00am saturday & sunday: 1:00pm - 8:00pm print pickup and digital delivery users can place requests for print pick-up and digital delivery of library resources through our library website. book stacks are also open to users to retrieve their own items. study space and computers open: the leddy library building is now open. study spaces, personal study rooms, group study rooms, and computer workstations are available. classroom spaces open: g101a and 305 west are open to students with classes and labs. please arrive early if possible as you will be required to scan your completed and approved safe lancer app qr code. research help & reference services in-person research help services (reference) will be available 10:00am - 6:00pm. just ask us at the info desk. book a virtual one-on-one appointment with your subject librarian get help remotely. frequently asked questions general faq faculty faq student faq community/alumni faq general faq: how can i contact the library? phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3200 phones are answered monday - friday from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm. email: leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca is the leddy library building open? yes, the leddy library building is now open. study spaces, personal study rooms, group study rooms, and computer workstations are available. all services and centres located in the leddy library including the academic data centre, the centre for digital scholarship, the archives and special collections, learning annex, and writing support desk continue to offer services remotely. can i access library material? print/physical resources: you can place requests for pickup and digitization online. if you would prefer to have books delivered to the door please contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca or call x3200. online resources: you can access our online resources including articles, books, and videos from home using omni along with other research collections. if you need assistance finding the right resources for your needs, please connect with your liaison librarian. please contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca if you have any questions. do i need to return my borrowed material? yes. users who are able to borrow physical items held by leddy library can return them to the library and follow library notices and loan policies. this includes interlibrary loans. items eligible for renewal can be renewed online at http://led.uwindsor.ca/my-account under "my loans". if you are unable to return items you've borrowed at this time and are having trouble renewing online please contact us at leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca for help. are there additional e-resources available at this time? most free access to e-resources has now ended. the library continues to track available offers. can i access specialized software remotely through leddy library? yes, during the pandemic free, temporary access to some software is available. spss 26 is available to access off-campus. instructions from its are available here. the academic data centre is also offering appointments for remote computer access to use specialized software. i need to consult with a librarian, how can i do this? you can send an email to leddy@uwindsor.ca. alternatively, can consult with the subject expert librarian for your faculty. i?m having trouble accessing a resource, who can assist? if you cannot access a resource that is available from our library, please send an email to elecprod@uwindsor.ca and a member of our team will look into the problem promptly. can i get help from the academic data centre? to ask a question or make an appointment, please email us at libdata@uwindsor.ca between 8:30 am - 4:30 pm monday-friday. alternatively, drop into the virtual data lab (in blackboard) between 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm on monday, tuesday, thursday, or visit us in person monday - friday between 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm. can i order an interlibrary loan to receive material from another library? interlibrary loan is currently available for all materials. be sure to try out omni to request items from 15 other ontario universities. faculty faq: how can librarians support my online course development? resources: librarians can help you identify available resources to include as course readings or viewings. librarians can facilitate transitioning your face-to-face resource list to an online environment using course resource lists, which can be integrated directly into your blackboard course site. librarians can help develop guides, supporting materials, and assignments for your courses. research help: librarians can offer remote one-to-one research support for you and your students via ms teams and by email. librarians can assist with sourcing materials for your course, and help you navigate fair dealing and copyright questions. instruction: librarians can provide virtual library and information literacy instruction for your classes. librarians can continue to provide instructional support online via the blackboard virtual classroom or ms teams. (book early if possible, to ensure availability!) can i place items on course reserve? yes. please follow the instructions available on our website to submit your course resource requests and connect them to your blackboard course. our staff is available to help with any questions at courseresources@uwindsor.ca. will the library digitize print materials? students, staff, and faculty members can request digital delivery of scanned physical materials. for more information please visit our print pickup and digital delivery webpage. if you need assistance finding the right resources for your needs, please connect with your liaison librarian. will the library continue to offer contactless pickup? you can still request items for pickup through our print pickup and digital delivery services. items requested will be available for pick up at the information desk. to learn more about these services please visit our print pickup and digital delivery webpage. if you would prefer to have books delivered to the door please contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca or call x3200. please contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca if you have any questions. can the library purchase new resources? yes. the library can acquire books, streaming videos, and other materials to support teaching and research. please contact your subject librarian to discuss what resources you need. alternatively, requests for new material can be submitted online. while ebooks may be purchased and made readily accessible as part of the library?s collection, print materials will not be immediately available. will the library purchase commercial textbooks for course reserves? unfortunately, many commercial textbook publishers do not offer e-textbook versions for the library to purchase. librarians and staff are working to provide alternative access to our print course reserve items for courses as well as working with faculty members to identify commercial textbook alternatives. we are working with instructors to explore and identify viable textbook alternatives, including: using an existing e-book in the relevant subject area from the library?s e-book collection or requesting that the library purchase one. there are many academic e-books that aren?t considered textbooks, and are therefore available for the library to purchase. adopting an open educational resource (oer). oers are freely available educational materials that are openly licensed to allow for re-use and modification by instructors. (contact your librarian) creating an online course resource lists (https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/course-support/course-resource-lists-faculty) posting individual articles, book chapters, or excerpts and scanned copies of print content, subject to copyright limitations (https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/policies-guidelines/fair-dealing-guidelines-faculty-staff). copyright permission will be sought where feasible in cases where the excerpt falls outside of fair dealing guidelines. linking to content from the library?s existing collection of electronic resources (e-books, journal articles, streaming videos, and other digital materials) or acquiring new content whenever possible. i have questions about copyright and sharing materials with my students in blackboard. can the library provide any guidance? yes. the library maintains information about campus copyright and fair-dealing policies on our website. if you?d like to talk to someone you can always email copyright@uwindsor.ca with the specifics of your question. how can the library support my research? contact your librarian to discuss further services and support. digital initiatives such as scholarship at uwindsor and open journal systems services remain available. can i order an interlibrary loan to receive material from another library? interlibrary loan is currently available for all materials. be sure to try out omni to request items from 15 other ontario universities. student faq: building: can i come to the library? yes, the leddy library building is now open. study spaces, personal study rooms, group study rooms, and computer workstations are available. all services and centres located in the leddy library including the academic data centre, the centre for digital scholarship, the archives and special collections, learning annex, and writing support desk continue to offer services remotely. when will the leddy library re-open? the leddy library building is now open. study spaces, personal study rooms, group study rooms, and computer workstations are available. all services and centres located in the leddy library including the academic data centre, the centre for digital scholarship, the archives and special collections, learning annex, and writing support desk continue to offer services remotely. can i access the books and physical resources? print/physical resources: you can place requests for pickup and digitization online. if you would prefer to have books delivered to the door please contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca or call x3200. online resources: you can access our online resources including articles, books, and videos from home using omni along with other research collections. if you need assistance finding the right resources for your needs, please connect with your liaison librarian. please contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca if you have any questions. do i need to return my borrowed material? yes. users who are able to borrow physical items held by leddy library can return them to the library and follow library notices and loan policies. this includes interlibrary loans. items eligible for renewal can be renewed online at http://led.uwindsor.ca/my-account under "my loans". if you are unable to return items you've borrowed at this time and are having trouble renewing online please contact us at leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca for help. can i use the printers? yes, computer workstations are available. please reserve a workstation to use the printers. can i use the computers? yes, computer workstations are available. can i access study space? yes. personal study rooms are available by reservation and additional study space will be available on a first-come, first-served basis. services: can i get help from the academic data centre? to ask a question or make an appointment, please email us at libdata@uwindsor.ca between 8:30 am - 4:30 pm monday-friday. alternatively, drop into the virtual data lab (in blackboard) between 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm on monday, tuesday, thursday, or visit us in person monday - friday between 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm. can i get items from archives and special collections?:00 no. unfortunately, access to the physical items are not available at this time. however, we encourage you to visit archive@uwindsor.ca for more information on your query. some items may be available online. can i get help with making my work open access? yes. if you are interested in publishing your work on https://scholar.uwindsor.ca/ please email for more information at scholarship@uwindsor.ca will the leddy library be offering english conversation group this semester? yes, the english conversation group will be offered online this semester. view the schedule and meeting details on our english conversation group webpage. can i visit the writing support desk? the writing support desk at leddy library is currently closed, however, services continue to be offered online. visit the student success and leadership centre webpage for details on how to book appointments. assistance and research help: i need to consult with a librarian, how can i do this? if you have a general question, you can always chat with a librarian via the livechat service on the library?s website. if chat isn?t available, you can send an email to leddy@uwindsor.ca. alternatively, can consult with the subject expert librarian for your faculty. where i can find tutorials and tips on using library resources? check out the leddy library research help page for tutorials and research guides. i?m having trouble accessing a resource, who can assist? if you cannot access a resource that is available from our library, please send an email to elecprod@uwindsor.ca and a member of our team will look into the problem promptly. graduate student services: i have a graduate study room - how can i return the key? graduate study rooms keys should all be returned at this time. i am on a waiting list for a graduate study room, will i still be considered when the library re-opens? graduate study rooms are currently not available. i have personal belongings and library materials in my graduate study carrel - how can i retrieve my things? please email leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca to request access to personal items in group study rooms. you will be able to arrange pickup during our contactless pickup service. community/alumni faq: as an alumni or community member, can i use the library? yes, the leddy library building is now open. study spaces, personal study rooms, group study rooms, and computer workstations are available. the campus is open to visitors that follow the uwindsor vaccine policy and other requirements. this requires that anyone visiting the campus to fill out the vaccination attestation form. in addition: before you come to campus, download the safe lancer app and complete the covid-19 self-assessment. you must have an approved status to enter the library. masks must be worn at all times in the library in common areas. social distancing is necessary. print borrowing is available to alumni and visitors with an active library account. yes! there are many e-resources that can still be accessed from off campus. there are also open access items available that may interest you. please contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca if you have questions about access to physical collections. connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
