https://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/1148/covid-19-updates
covid-19 updates and information | faculty of engineering skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students faculty of engineering follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin faculty of engineering covid-19 updates and information covid-19 updates and information students, staff and faculty are encouraged to visit the university of windsor's return to campus website, which is regularly updated and includes resources for students, instructors and researchers. faculty of engineering covid-19 updates engineering-related updates will continue to be listed below as more information becomes available. engineering covid-19 research from revolutionizing the covid-19 testing process to producing face shields for frontline workers, there are several initiatives taking place at uwindsor to combat the spread of covid-19. faculty of engineering researchers and students have been busy working alongside members of the community and local industry to provide innovative solutions to challenges sweeping the globe. read more about the latest uwindsor engineering projects tackling the global pandemic. return to campus - students we?re looking forward to welcoming you back to campus this winter! engineering courses will be offered in a predominantly face-to-face format. please refer to the return to campus website for details regarding the necessary steps you need to follow to prepare for your return to campus. please know that the ed lumley centre for engineering innovation complies with physical distancing guidelines and hygienic supply stations are available throughout the building. in addition, the university of windsor has put in place a covid-19 vaccination policy for students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. there are a number of academic and non-academic support services that continue to be offered to our engineering students through the engineering student support services centre (esssc), including advising with dr. johrendt with winone, engineering counselling with giselle st. louis, free peer tutoring with the winone tutorials, and other support services as listed on the esssc website. whether you are a new or returning student, our team of academic advisors is ready and happy to help answer any questions. first-year students are encouraged to download our first-year handbook, which will help you navigate your journey as a new student in the uwindsor engineering program. also, first-year timetables are available on the winone forms & resources website. if, at any time, you want to reach out, you can email deanengg@uwindsor.ca to reach the dean?s office, or winone@uwindsor.ca to reach the winone office, or book an appointment with dr. johrendt directly using the this link. return to campus - faculty and staff the faculty of engineering is preparing for a 50% capacity return to campus comprised of steps that allow the faculty to scale up or down, depending on what is required. faculty and staff will return to campus on a pre-scheduled basis at no more than 50% occupancy. all rsc approved research and staff will continue with existing structure in place for all lab activities until further direction is communicated. at this point, walk-ins will not be accepted. when necessary, appointments will have to be booked in advance as the faculty needs to evaluate what actions will be happening and what measures need to be put into place prior to any approval. in addition, the university of windsor has put in place a covid-19 vaccination policy for students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. ed lumley centre for engineering innovation - facility access the university of windsor has put in place a covid-19 vaccination policy for students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. in addition, mandatory self-screening prior to arrival on-campus is required through the safe lancer app. please follow these simple steps every time you are coming to and are on campus: take the self-assessment questionnaire just before coming to campus be prepared to demonstrate "approved" badge to health screeners practice good hygiene by washing your hands properly and frequently socially distance by staying 2 metres from others and following health and safety signage throughout campus wear a non-medical face mask. if unable, students must seek accommodation from student accessibility services accessing email, blackboard and uwinsite student off-campus if multi factor authentication (mfa) was enabled on your uwin acocunt, the secondary authentication will be required only when accessing mfa protected services and apps from a non-trusted location. information and instructions for setup are listed here: http://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/multifactor engineering computer labs the faculty of engineering's computer labs located in the centre for engineering innovation are open for scheduled classes for winter 2022. students are scheduled in the lab for in-person classes. others can connect remotely to cei2105. if you have trouble getting connected to the lab, please fill out a helpdesk ticket. computer recommendations and software microsoft office all staff, faculty and students can install microsoft office on up to five pcs, including home pcs. instructions are listed here: https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/tdclient/1975/portal/kb/articledet?id=9465 computer recommendations under normal circumstances, as a student in engineering at the university of windsor, you have access to multiple computer labs equipped with the software required to complete your degree. at this time, the university is under an ?essential service model? and most courses will be delivered online. in order to access classes and complete your coursework, you will need a computer and internet access. you will not be expected to load all engineering software onto your laptop for the summer semester. the faculty will provide a remote system that will allow you to log in and complete your coursework. the minimum computer recommendation is one with an i5 processor, 1920x1080 display, 8gb of ram and 256gb ssd. example (april 2020): lenovo t470s, i5-6300u, 1920 x 1080 display, 8gb ram, 256gb ssd - $1300 (https://www.lenovo.com/ca/en/laptops/thinkpad/thinkpad-t-series/thinkpad-t470s/p/20jss0ks00) the recommended computer configuration is one with an i7 processor, 1920x1080 display, 16gb of ram and 512gb ssd with discrete graphics. example (april 2020): dell inspiron 15 7591 2-in-1, i7-10510u, 3840 x 2160 display, 16gb ram, 512gb ssd, nvidia geforce mx250 with 2gb - $1900 (https://www.dell.com/en-ca/work/shop/laptops-ultrabooks/inspiron-15-7591-2-in-1/spd/inspiron-15-7591-2-in-1-laptop/) there are many manufacturers that have laptops that can meet these specifications. we recommend that you get one from dell, lenovo or microsoft and purchase a 3 year warranty when you get the laptop. your internet speed should be 15 mbps or greater. if you share your internet connection with other students, you may need more than 15 mbps. you will want an unlimited usage plan if it?s available to you. engineering communication support for students the engineering communication support team will continue to support students virtually by appointment through blackboard collaborate ultra. please visit success.uwindsor.ca and click on ?engineering student support services? to book an appointment or register for an event within engineering communications support. if you need further assistance, please email engcomm@uwindsor.ca. engineering student counselling the student counselling centre is offering virtual and telephone appointments. please see below for the change in service offerings: appointments are being offered through telephone and/or video conferencing. please email scc@uwindsor.ca and you will be contacted within 24-48 hours. if you need to speak with someone immediately please contact myssp at 1-844-451-9700 or download the ?myssp? app for 24/7 talk or text counselling by licenced counsellors in multiple languages. if your or someone else?s life is at risk, please call 911 for emergency services. visit these websites for further mental health resources. winone tutorials winone tutorials have switched to a virtual platform. the regularly scheduled hours will take place in a virtual tutorial classroom, accessed through a menu link called ?winone tutorials - online support" on blackboard. there is also a discussion board with course-specific threads where students can ask questions as well as a winone forum for general questions for the first-year engineering office. for more information, email winone@uwindsor.ca and include the courses you'd like help with. research and innovation guidance please visit the covid-19 research and innovation guidance page on the office of the vpri website regularly for updates and information. in addition to guidance on research and innovation during the pandemic, the site also provides information and updates on changes to funding applications and timelines, funding opportunities for covid-19 research, and community news. international students arriving from abroad please reference the canadian government's covid-19 guide for international students. in addition, our engineering international support office (eiso) is an excellent resource for information on international arrivals for new and returning students. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
