https://www.uwindsor.ca/career-development-experiential/790/covid-19-careers-series
covid-19 career series  | career development & experiential learning skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students career development & experiential learning career development & experiential learning in this section welcome join us on blackboard career events calendar covid-19 career series 5 things you can do for your career right now job searching during the covid-19 pandemic frozen in a covid time warp? initiate a career breakthrough video job interviews - the new era of interviewing during covid-19? building your skills through training and volunteer opportunities how to network effectively during covid-19 getting back to work: what could it look like? labour market possibilities after covid-19 get experience vip-community service learning ignite work study job shadow experience windsor-essex career apprenticeship program co-operative education experience maps volunteerism planning your career market yourself & find a job get support appointments and drop-in workshops & webinars peer advising career peer link - your peer career blog events & fairs info for employers office of experiential learning mysuccess contact us post a career opportunity welcome join us on blackboard career events calendar covid-19 career series 5 things you can do for your career right now job searching during the covid-19 pandemic frozen in a covid time warp? initiate a career breakthrough video job interviews - the new era of interviewing during covid-19? building your skills through training and volunteer opportunities how to network effectively during covid-19 getting back to work: what could it look like? labour market possibilities after covid-19 get experience vip-community service learning ignite work study job shadow experience windsor-essex career apprenticeship program co-operative education experience maps volunteerism planning your career market yourself & find a job get support appointments and drop-in workshops & webinars peer advising career peer link - your peer career blog events & fairs info for employers office of experiential learning mysuccess contact us post a career opportunity uwindsor home career development & experiential learning covid-19 career series covid-19 career series these are stressful times and the labour market is uncertain, but there are reasons to still be optimistic about your career! there are things you can do now, during the pandemic, that will help your career progression. career development & experiential learning is here to help you make the most of this situation by producing a series of articles related to job search and career-related needs during the time of covid-19. each article is full of tips, resources, ideas for action, and info about how our team can support you. articles 5 things you can do for your career right now (april 21, 2020) job searching during the covid-19 pandemic (april 23, 2020) frozen in a covid time warp? initiate a career breakthrough (april 28, 2020) video job interviews - the new era of interviewing during covid-19? (april 30, 2020) building your skills through training and volunteer opportunities (may 6, 2020) how to network effectively during covid-19 (may 8, 2020) getting back to work: what it could look like (may 13, 2020) labour market possibilities after covid-19 (may 15, 2020) connect with us due to concerns about covid-19 and the goal to increase social distancing, our primary location in the joyce entrepreneurship centre is closed to staff, students, and visitors. services will continue remotely via phone, email, and online until further notice. you can book a career advising appointment through mysuccess to meet for 30 minutes online or over the phone with a career advisor. you can see our online recordings of our workshops and our live webinars on mysuccess. you can also email your career exploration and job search questions to careerservices@uwindsor.ca and one of the advisors will reply to you. for up-to-date information on the university of windsor?s response to covid-19, please access www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/ share tweet save upcoming workshops & drop in advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 advanced resume and cover letter writing thu, 04/07/2022 - 11:30 advanced job search fri, 04/08/2022 - 10:00 introduction to job search mon, 04/11/2022 - 11:30 introduction to cover letters tue, 04/12/2022 - 10:00 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
