http://mediawikibe.uwindsor.ca/wiki/index.php/COVID-19_Preparedness_Workshops
covid-19 preparedness workshops - blackboard wiki covid-19 preparedness workshops from blackboard wiki jump to: navigation, search instructors (and assistants)! get help during the disruption we are there to support you getting your classes online! contents 1 bb cafe - virtual help desk 1.1 drop-in sessions 1.1.1 support times available 2 new automated help wizard for blackboard 3 trouble connecting? 3.1 its service desk hours 4 ctl - bb workshops 5 ctl - general workshops & resources 6 workshops revisited - session recordings 7 office of open learning 8 troubles with blackboard? 8.1 submit a ticket 9 gata support 10 remote teaching support/tutorials 10.1 tutorials for the virtual classroom 10.2 tutorials for recording powerpoint 11 blackboard (vendor) run training 12 online self-paced courses about blackboard bb cafe - virtual help desk bb cafe virtual help desk drop-in sessions if you're looking for virtual help, join us in the bb cafe virtual classroom: if that link doesn't work, click here to enter as a guest steps to get to the virtual bb cafe classroom - visit organizations, select bb cafe - choose virtual classroom from the menu, select click here to join the virtual classroom, then join session. support times available the bb cafe will be closed on family day (feb 21) and a university holiday ( feb 25). the bb cafe hours during the winter 2022 semester, will be from 8:30 am-4:30 pm the best experience will be if you have a microphone, speakers and reliable internet. webcam is optional. new automated help wizard for blackboard ctl is piloting its new automated help wizard over the holidays. this wizard will assist faculty, staff, and students in finding the appropriate resources to answer their blackboard questions. look for the blue and white chat icon in the bottom right corner of the blackboard support page. trouble connecting? if you are having trouble getting into the session, please make sure you are using google chrome if you are still having trouble, check that you are allowing cookies: enter chrome://settings/content/cookies?search=cookies into your browser. click add beside allow (toward the bottom of the screen). then enter "ca-lti.bbcollab.com" and click add. this allows your browser to accept cookies and local storage from the collaborate server. you won't need to restart your browser, but you will need to re-click the collaborate link. its service desk hours if you are looking for general its support please visit the it services support page to get contact information and hours of availability. ctl - bb workshops learn how to harness the power of blackboard to facilitate putting your courses online. offered at two different technological comfort levels to suit your style. priority will be given to those with teaching assignments in the inter/summer semester. you will need to become familiar with using blackboard collaborate in advance. please review your confirmation email for instructions and links regarding preparing and accessing the session. bb decaf level: this option will offer a relaxed, and slower-paced workshop by placing an emphasis on step-by-step learning. this category is suitable for the emerging technical explorer or the learner who is new to using learning management systems. bb espresso: this option will offer a fast-paced more technically driven workshop. this category is suitable for the learner who is confident using learning management system tools, or other online systems, who possesses a high comfort level in learning and adopting new technology. these pragmatic two-hour and fifteen-minute workshops will introduce you to many features that blackboard has to offer. additionally, you will be notified of areas to avoid or have caused others issues. find out more and registration at http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbworkshops. visit this page frequently as new workshops are being added based on demand. if you'd like a particular topic explored, email bbconsults@uwindsor.ca and provide the details and one of the team will get back to you. hands-on topics include: communication - getting started and using discussions sharing course content assessment of student learning (tests and assignments) grading student work and reconciling the grade centre for details on registration and dates / times the sessions are offered, visit http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbworkshops ctl - general workshops & resources the centre for teaching and learning is offering workshops available at http://www.uwindsor.ca/ctlworkshops the ctl has also prepared an online resource in regards to fostering academic integrity which provides further details and key strategies about fostering academic integrity. workshops revisited - session recordings miss a workshop? want to go back and review a sprint session? have no fear! our recordings from most sessions can be found on the webinars revisited - past training session recordings page. most sessions will have both the link to the blackboard collaborate ultra recording as well as a link to the microsoft streams video. microsoft streams links feature accessibility features including captioning and interactive links and timestamps. you can also follow our ctl sprint sessions channel on microsoft stream for the latest accessible recordings of sprint sessions. office of open learning the office of open learning is offering multiple sessions to help get you started on your online offering of your course. there are multiple dates and times available. a practical guide to creating videos this short workshop will focus on the basics of creating a video. we will look at what is important for planning your video and review practical tips/suggestions. there will also be a demonstration of how you could use powerpoint to create multiple videos types, including recording anything on your screen. find out more and registration for a practical guide to creating videos! using the virtual classroom (blackboard collaborate ultra) do you need to record a lecture/webinar? do you need to meet with students online (as a group or privately)? the virtual classroom (formally called blackboard collaborate ultra) can handle this and more. best of all, it is available in every blackboard site or can be set up outside of blackboard and is free for faculty, staff, and students to use. this workshop will attempt to demonstrate everything you need to know to use the virtual classroom. find out more and registration for using the virtual classroom (blackboard collaborate ultra)! creating free interactive content this workshop will introduce you to the h5p tool, which all ontario educators can use for free. whether you want to explore those resources that have already been created and openly shared, or create your own, h5p has incredible potential. with h5p you can add quizzes, pop ups, and other interactions to videos, create interactive presentations, provide fillable and downloadable forms, allow audio input, create scenarios where the result depends on the choices you make, create virtual 360 degree tours, and much more. find out more and registration for creating free interactive content! strategies for handling your online timed examination please note this workshop will not discuss how to build a test or discuss proctoring solutions. so, you have built an online timed test, but what should you do the day of the test? this workshop is meant for instructors who are planning to use the blackboard tests tool to deliver an online timed examination. this sort of high stakes assessment comes with inherent technological/planning risks, so it is important to know how best to support our students. we will discuss strategies for how to try to avoid problems and how to deal with common issues that arise during the testing window. advice based on timed examinations run this summer will be offered. find out more and registration for strategies for handling your online timed examination how to use stream to add subtitles to your class video this short workshop will show you how to create a channel for your class so that videos you upload are limited to that class. we will demonstrate how to enable the automatic creation of subtitles, as well as how to edit those subtitles. we will also review how to download a recording from blackboard collaborate ultra (virtual classroom) in case you want to add subtitles to it. find out more and registration for how to use stream to add subtitles to your class video troubles with blackboard? submit a ticket submit a service request ticket if you have a problem with blackboard or need your questions answered. login at http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbhelp please avoid emailing ctl or ool staff directly, as this may delay you getting your questions answered or problems solved regarding blackboard. instead, submit the ticket and one of the team members will reply to your concerns as quickly as possible. gata support individual meetings we are happy to set up individual meetings to support gas/tas in their duties. to set up an individual meeting, or meeting with yourself and your ga/ta supervisor, please email the gata network coordinators, elizabeth ismail (ismaile@uwindsor.ca), paige coyne (coynep@uwindsor.ca), irene muir (muiri@uwindsor.ca), or gata@uwindsor.ca. in your email, please include a brief description of the questions that you have to ensure we can best support you. departmental workshops the gata network is also willing to hold departmental workshops designed to cater to the questions and needs within the department to help support your transition in supporting online teaching. these workshops are completely free to gas, tas, and those interested in teaching and learning. to coordinate an online workshop, please contact elizabeth ismail (ismaile@uwindsor.ca), paige coyne (coynep@uwindsor.ca), irene muir (muiri@uwindsor.ca), or gata@uwindsor.ca. social media follow us on social media to stay up to date regarding the latest news and events! facebook: uwindsor gata network twitter: @gatanetwork instagram: @gatanetwork remote teaching support/tutorials tutorials for the virtual classroom getting started and accessing the virtual classroom setting up audio, video, and recording using the tools (chat, screen sharing, etc.) importing the student tutorials into your blackboard site integrating using an ipad with collaborate for annotating tutorials for recording powerpoint recording your powerpoint presentation and uploading to stream doing a screen capture video using powerpoint blackboard (vendor) run training blackboard is offering free 30-minute webinars designed for those who are new to the blackboard learn or collaborate environment and need to make a transition to deliver instruction remotely. a webinar is also being offered on how to design your content so that it is mobile friendly. click on the link below to register and to find more information about the specific workshops. https://go.blackboard.com/instructor-webinar-series online self-paced courses about blackboard the university of windsor has purchased access to and modified these online courses from blackboard to provide self-paced (non-facilitated) learning to members of campus. choose from 11 different courses that you can begin and explore only what you need to get your task done. topics within the courses and the time estimated for full completion are listed in the description. once you register for the course with your uwinid, you will automatically be enrolled in the online course. access by logging into blackboard at https://blackboard.uwindsor.ca and view the newly registered course through the courses tab. allow for at least an hour to sync from the registration system to blackboard. check out the self-paced non-facilitated courses at the registration page at http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbonline. back to the disruptions in classes page related articles articles that also relate to the category:bb disruptions to classes academic integrity at uwindsor accommodations blackboard test generator documentation common blackboard browser issues common blackboard collaborate issues covid-19 preparedness workshops creating and marking assignments disruption to classes user:ericmc essential bb videos and articles exams and alternate assessments exams and alternate assessments during disruptions how to edit and regrade a question on blackboard instructor faqs covid-19 instructors:assessments ms teams getting started sessional instructor support sharing large files student test taking best practices tests best practices and troubleshooting tips for accessibility in online course delivery webinars revisited - past training session recordings we are constantly trying to improve the information in this wiki. if you notice any errors or omissions with this material, please advise the lms team or submit a service request at http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbhelp. retrieved from "http://mediawikibe.uwindsor.ca/wiki/index.php?title=covid-19_preparedness_workshops&oldid=13665" categories: bb instructor bb disruptions to classes coronavirus/covid-19 bb training navigation menu personal tools log in namespaces page discussion variants views read view source view history more search navigation home online preparedness workshops and supports disruptions to classes support explore by role for instructors for ga or tas for students log in blackboard login online help sites uwindsor's blackboard help a-z topics (instructors and assistants) - u of w faqs for instructors - u of w faqs for students - u of w main index - u of w blackboard's help site request help request help university pages university of windsor ctl home page its home page copyright information recent changes random page tools what links here related changes special pages printable version permanent link page information this page was last modified on 8 february 2022, at 20:54. content is available under creative commons attribution-noncommercial-sharealike unless otherwise noted. privacy policy about blackboard wiki disclaimers
