https://www.uwindsor.ca/law/COVID-19-Updates
covid-19 updates | faculty of law skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of law about law admissions event calendar student services faculty & staff alumni make a donation law library news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of law about law admissions event calendar student services faculty & staff alumni make a donation law library news faculty of law in this section about windsor law message from dean bahdi our mission, vision, and values our strategic plan our leadership our history our campus our 50th anniversary transforming windsor law student diversity academic calendar contact us admissions juris doctor (jd) canadian & american dual jd master of business administration/jd master of social work/jd master of laws (llm) event calendar student services career services forms & policies mental health & wellness peer mentorship program faculty & staff faculty directory sessionals and adjunct professors staff directory advocacy & mooting program alumni clinical and experiential learning indigenous initiatives law library clinics community legal aid legal assistance of windsor class action clinic pro bono students canada cities and climate action forum research faculty publications centre for cities indigenous legal orders institute law and technology lab law, disability & social change project national self-represented litigants project transnational law and justice network journals the windsor yearbook of access to justice windsor review of legal and social issues canadian bar review news & communications covid-19 updates building updates faculty news access newsletter < back to homepage about windsor law message from dean bahdi our mission, vision, and values our strategic plan our leadership our history our campus our 50th anniversary transforming windsor law student diversity academic calendar contact us admissions juris doctor (jd) canadian & american dual jd master of business administration/jd master of social work/jd master of laws (llm) event calendar student services career services forms & policies mental health & wellness peer mentorship program faculty & staff faculty directory sessionals and adjunct professors staff directory advocacy & mooting program alumni clinical and experiential learning indigenous initiatives law library clinics community legal aid legal assistance of windsor class action clinic pro bono students canada cities and climate action forum research faculty publications centre for cities indigenous legal orders institute law and technology lab law, disability & social change project national self-represented litigants project transnational law and justice network journals the windsor yearbook of access to justice windsor review of legal and social issues canadian bar review news & communications covid-19 updates building updates faculty news access newsletter < back to homepage uwindsor home faculty of law covid-19 updates covid-19 updates return to campus life and community the university?s top priority is the health and safety of all of our students, faculty and staff. robust safety plans and protocols have been in place since the beginning of the pandemic and are continually enhanced as part of our covid-19 response. we remain flexible and responsive to evolving public health guidance as we return to campus life and community. with the return of students, faculty and staff, a range of health measures are in place to ensure the health and safety of the uwindsor community. please review the actions the university is taking below, including: mandatory covid-19 vaccination for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors. non-medical masks or face coverings are required on-campus when entering all campus buildings and common spaces. enhanced cleaning will continue daily across campus. those coming to campus will be asked to complete the daily self-assessment questionnaire through the safe lancer app. the university promotes the importance of hand-washing and hygiene protocols. before you arrive to campus, please visit uwindsor's return to campus website. impact on 2021-2022 academic year on march 26, 2021, dean christopher waters updated students about windsor law plans for fall 2021. focusing on the health and safety of all stakeholders, the former dean's message outlines a balanced approach to teaching and learning for the upcoming term announcing limited options for some in-person, hybrid and online courses. on june 2, 2021, acting dean beverly jacobs provided an update to students about windsor law plans for fall 2021. the acting dean's message outlines fall plans and courses that will be available for in-person/hyflex delivery in fall 2021. the planning for winter 2022 is still ongoing and we await further details from the central administration about these plans. visit law's fall 2021 planning website on july 13, 2021, dean reem bahdi provided an update to upper-year students about windsor law plans for winter 2022. the dean's message outlines preliminary winter plans for upper-year classes to be delivered in-person, subject to further instructions from the university of windsor and public health officials. on august 9, 2021, dean reem bahdi provided an update to incoming students about windsor law plans for winter 2022. the dean's message states that subject to the direction of the university of windsor?s central administration and public health agencies, all first-year classes will be delivered in person during the winter term. on august 20, 2021, dean reem bahdi provided an update to all students regarding accommodations and other frequently asked questions. the dean's message can be viewed here. on september 28, 2021, former associate dean wissam aoun provided an update to all students about windsor law plans for winter 2022. the acting associate dean's message states that with the ongoing uncertainty surrounding the public health situation, it is necessary at this time to begin planning for a greater online offering of courses for the winter 2022 term. on december 17, 2021, former associate dean wissam aoun provided an update to all students about the university of windsor's announcement to alter the start of the winter 2022 school term. the acting associate dean's message states that the plan is to push the start date of classes back to january 17, 2022, and begin the term virtually (i.e. online). from january 17, 2022 onward, the feasibility of transitioning from virtual to in-person classes will be evaluated on a weekly basis, and everyone will be given at least two weeks prior notice of the return to face-to-face work and classes. on january 21, 2022, associate dean lisa trabucco provided an update to all students about winter 2022 course delivery. the associate dean's message states that various course delivery methods will be implemented including online, hyflex and in-person. visit law's winter 2022 planning website more information law building closure with the rapidly evolving covid-19 pandemic and in support of both federal and provincial initiatives to help mitigate the spread of the virus, the university of windsor continues to do its part in this regard, with the health and safety of our community at the forefront. the university of windsor senate unanimously approved an emergency academic plan on friday, march 13, 2020. as the university of windsor transitioned to an essential services model, effective wednesday, march 18, 2020, the ron w. ianni faculty of law building will be closed until further notice. all staff will remain available to assist remotely during this period. you can find staff members' contact information in the staff directory. please note, you are encouraged to email as staff members will not have regular access to voicemail. in addition to our covid-19 response, the ron w. ianni faculty of law building was decommissioned over the fall 2020 semester as we move to temporary quarters during windsor law's building transformation. for more information on the building project, please visit the transforming windsor law website. law library services during the transformation of the ron w. ianni law building, the law library will exist as a capsule collection, located in a separate space on the ground floor of leddy west. access will be via the main leddy doors. the 4500+ books that form this collection have been moved to the leddy library and will be available for print pick-up and digital delivery. sign in to omni to request these services. bookable study spaces are also available to law students. the law library has 11 bookable study spaces, one of which has a computer, and one that is a fully accessible workstation. note that there are 9 additional study spaces in leddy west basement for student use. these additional spaces are available to any students on a first-come, first-served basis. to book a study space, please visit the law library website. winter 2022 - remote service hours livechat service hours: monday - friday 8:30 am - 4:00 pm alternate contact for reference services: lawreference@uwindsor.ca circulation service hours: monday - friday 8:30 am - 4:30 pm lawcirc@uwindsor.ca for interlibrary loans, please email lawill@uwindsor.ca please visit the law library website to locate resources, chat with library staff, and to request materials. impact on 2020-2021 academic year on may 15, 2020, university of windsor president robert gordon updated the university of windsor campus community on fall plans, indicating that fall courses will be offered primarily online. this was true for the law school as well, and our commitment to delivering a people-centred and community-engaged approach to legal education has been followed in our academic planning. as part of that planning, we have established a law school working group that includes student, faculty and staff representatives. windsor law's academic planning working group has put together fall and winter faq webpages to provide additional clarity on the academic year as it relates to the faculty of law. visit law's fall 2020 faq website on september 17, 2020, university of windsor president robert gordon updated the university of windsor campus community on winter 2021 plans, indicating that the majority of courses (including law courses) will continue to be offered through online delivery, with face-to-face offerings being provided where in-person interaction is integral to meeting program learning outcomes. this is essentially a continuation of our current approach, but with the possibility that additional co-curricular face-to-face activities will be mounted as covid-19 conditions permit. courses that must be offered in-person will be determined soon while focusing on the following priorities: courses where face-to-face interaction is required for graduation or accreditation; opportunities for first-year students to have on-campus experiences; face-to-face experiences for identified international student cohorts; laboratory sections; research courses that require access to laboratories for data collection and analysis; studio courses that require access to specific equipment and spaces; required practicums, internships, and work experience that primarily take place off-campus; co-curricular programming that enables experiential opportunities for students; and faculty-specific priorities. visit law's winter 2021 faq website grading on march 23, 2020 following consultation with faculty council, windsor law moved to a mandatory pass-fail designation. faculty council is the academic policy-making body for the law school and comprises faculty members and strong student representation. in light of covid-19 developments, this policy will apply to all full-year and winter term courses for the 2019-2020 year. for the current academic year, our grading policy has returned to normal. visit law's pass/fail faq website contact we will continue to provide additional information on a regular basis and encourage the campus community to continue to visit the university of windsor's return to campus website. if you have additional questions specific to the faculty of law, please contact: admissions inquiries - assistant dean katia benoit: katia@uwindsor.ca academic inquiries (jd programs) - acting associate dean wissam aoun: waoun@uwindsor.ca academic inquiries (dual jd program) - director katharine fisher: katharine.fisher@uwindsor.ca academic inquiries (llm program) - associate dean paul ocheje: pocheje@uwindsor.ca student service inquiries - assistant dean francine herlehy: herlehy@uwindsor.ca all other inquiries - general office: uwlaw@uwindsor.ca visit uwindsor's coronavirus faq website ? published on jan 26th, 2022 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
