http://www.uwindsor.ca/coop-workplace-partnerships/346/covid-19-co-op-faq
covid-19 co-op faq & updates | co-operative education & workplace partnerships skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students co-operative education & workplace partnerships co-operative education & workplace partnerships in this section welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us uwindsor home co-operative education & workplace partnerships covid-19 co-op faq & updates covid-19 co-op faq & updates as a co-op student or student intern, we understand you may have questions or concerns regarding your program. please review the faq and update information below as it may contain information that could answer some of your questions. jump to: employer partner questions i current student questions employer partner questions are we still recruiting for work terms? yes, we are continuing to run our job competitions and are actively recruiting for placements. contact cooped@uwindsor.ca with your job posting today or with any questions. are we still able to conduct interviews for work term hiring? yes, all interviews will now be conducted via phone or virtually using tools preferable to your organization. email cooped@uwindsor.ca with any questions. current student questions students in the job competition we will be running continuous hiring rounds each week until the end of the term. we are still actively recruiting for work terms. interviews have all been moved to phone or skype/zoom etc.. if you have any unanswered questions, please email coop@uwindsor.ca. students on a work term the co-op placement that i secured has just been shortened due to covid and may be canceled what can be done? some employers may need to delay your start date or shorten the work term due to covid-19. to address this we are working closely with employers and students to be as flexible as possible. some of the initiatives we have put in place include: ? allowing for a delayed start date so that placements are not cancelled ? approving a minimum eight-week work term, if necessary, that will still count for academic credit pending all assignments and a final evaluation have been completed ? allowing students the opportunity to re-sequence where possible so that they resume classes and enter a future job competition. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
