https://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/3337/covid-19-updates
covid-19 updates | office of the registrar skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the registrar office of the registrar in this section home covid-19 updates academic calendars timetable information uwinsite student transfer students fee estimator where do i pay? testing centre maintaining conditional offer of admission change of program/major apply as a returning student change of name degree verification examinations forms and applications for students forms for faculty/staff notice of disclosure registration information request a transcript service fees grade processing contact us graduation and convocation home covid-19 updates academic calendars timetable information uwinsite student transfer students fee estimator where do i pay? testing centre maintaining conditional offer of admission change of program/major apply as a returning student change of name degree verification examinations forms and applications for students forms for faculty/staff notice of disclosure registration information request a transcript service fees grade processing contact us graduation and convocation uwindsor home office of the registrar covid-19 updates covid-19 updates getting in touch for office hours, please see the contact us page. we ask that you please allow for additional response time and know that we are working as hard as we can to help. we thank you for your patience during this difficult time. admission requirements due to the covid-19 pandemic and the disruptions it has posed to education across the globe, accommodations have been made to the university of windsor's undergraduate admissions requirements for domestic and international students. review the current undergraduate admissions requirements here. illness reporting all students (except those in the jd and dual jd programs as well as clinical nursing courses who are asked to follow their faculty's procedures) are asked to use uwinsite student to report an illness that will prevent them from completing an assignment on time or taking an exam for a specific course. for how-to information, please read this ask.uwindsor article. the illness reporting form will be open in uwinsite student from january 28 - april 30 for winter 2022 courses. revised grading regulations for winter 2021 through winter 2022 courses in response to the difficulties that many students are facing because of covid-19, the university announced revised grading regulations to provide students with new flexibility in deciding how their academic performance is recorded for the winter 2021 through winter 2022 semesters. details and deadlines are outlined in the article on selecting a revised grading option. read safa's covid-19 updates to understand the impact on student awards, of choosing a p/np grade or a late vw. alternate grading policy details: the alternate grading policy enacted for winter 2021 has been extended to the end of winter 2022. with this policy, once final grades have been posted, eligible students have three options these are: to retain the final course grade assigned by the professor (no action required on the part of the student); to request a pass/ non-pass grade for one course based on the minimum required passing grade in their program or course; or, to voluntarily withdrawal from a course(s) without academic penalty. currently, eligible students include: undergraduate students ? both the pass/non-pass and voluntary withdrawal options graduate students ? both the pass/non-pass and voluntary withdrawal options law students ? pass/non-pass option only if students opt to voluntarily withdraw, they will be able to do so through the normal class drop method through uwinsite student up until the end of the last day of class in each session within a semester. after that point, students can select to voluntarily withdraw, as well as select one course to change to a pass/non-pass through the ?alternate grade/grade appeal? tile on the student self service home page. the deadline for this is dependent on when grades are deemed final for each semester. this date varies from semester to semester, based on when the bulk of grades have been submitted. the current tentative dates for each semester are: semester session session end date alternate grade policy close date inter/summer 2021 intersession (6 wk) june 22, 2021 july 16, 2021 inter/summer 2021 summer session (6 wk) august 10, 2021 september 10, 2021 inter/summer 2021 full summer session (12 wk) august 11, 2021 september 10, 2021 fall 2021 12 week session december 8, 2021 january 21, 2022 winter 2022 12 week session april 6, 2022 may 13, 2022 official transcript submissions if you are required to provide an official transcript to the university of windsor for admissions or confirmation purposes, the office of the registrar will accept official transcripts emailed directly from other secondary and post-secondary institutions. emailed official transcripts must come directly from the institution, from an email that can be verified online. transcripts that come directly from an applicant, student, or non-verifiable email will not be accepted. applicants are still able to upload unofficial transcripts and other admissions documents to their uwinsite student (undergraduate) or egas (graduate) accounts as required. any questions regarding submitting official transcripts through email can be sent to transcripts@uwindsor.ca. older updates winter 2021 registration uwindsor winter 2021 courses, including their final exams, will be delivered primarily online. winter 2021 registration and timetable information are available. timetable information, including class times could change, so be sure to check back often. winter 2021 classes (excluding law and consecutive education) will begin thursday, january 7, 2021. fall 2020 registration uwindsor fall 2020 courses, including their final exams, will be delivered primarily online. fall 2020 registration and timetable information are available. timetable information, including class times could change, so be sure to check back often. fall 2020 classes (excluding law and consecutive education) will begin thursday, september 10, 2020. spring 2020 convocation diplomas are now in the process of being printed. the office of the registrar will be couriering these out effective june 1, 2020. students eligible to graduate are asked to confirm or update their mailing address in uwinsite student under profile > addresses. there is no extra charge to spring 2020 graduands for this service. revised grading regulations for winter 2020 courses in response to the difficulties that many students are facing because of covid-19, the university announced revised grading regulations to provide students with new flexibility in deciding how their academic performance is recorded for the winter 2020 semester. these revised grading regulations apply to all students except pre-service students in the faculty of education and students in the faculty of law jd and dual jd programs. once final grades have been posted to uwinsite student, eligible students will have three options. for each winter 2020 course taken, they can choose: to accept the final course grade assigned by the professor; to request a pass/non-pass grade based on the minimum required passing grade in their program or course; to voluntarily withdraw from the course without academic penalty. the deadline to indicate a pass/non-pass grade or vwc for winter 2020 courses is may 13 at 11:59 p.m. pnp and vwc decision must be indicated by the student in uwinsite student. this ask.uwindsor article outlines the process. pass/non-pass grades and late voluntary withdrawals have to be manually entered on your student record. these will appear on your student record by may 21, 2020. to learn more about the revised grading regulations: review the faqs use the graduate student pathways to completing winter 2020 (pdf) or the undergraduate student pathways to completing winter 2020 (pdf) to evaluate your options read safa's covid-19 updates to understand the impact of choosing a p/np grade or a late vw for a winter 2020 course on student awards intersession/summer 2020 intersession/summer 2020 dates and registration information are now available. students can start planning their courses and adding them to their shopping cart in uwinsite student on mon april 6. registration will open by appointment time on wed april 8. classes start (for the most part) on tues may 19. please visit the registration information page for full details. graduation eligibility letters students requiring a graduation eligibility letter must first apply to graduate in uwinsite student. once your graduation eligibilty status in uwinsite student is "approved," please submit an ask.uwindsor.ca service request using the topic transcripts and documentation > graduation eligibility letter. include your full name, student number and the number of graduation eligibility letters you require. share tweet save upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 masters of management: last day of winter classes for masters of management classes fri, 04/08/2022 registration for undergrad opens in uwinsite student for inter-session / summer 2022 mon, 04/11/2022 grad: last date to nominate external examiner for phd defenses, for students who plan to graduate at spring 2022 convocation tue, 04/12/2022 revised: law: last day of winter classes for law thu, 04/14/2022 view event calendar share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
