http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/full-issue
dailynews issue for tuesday, apr 5th, 2022 | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews tuesday, apr 5th, 2022 previous editions tue. apr 5th, 2022 mon. apr 4th, 2022 fri. apr 1st, 2022 thu. mar 31st, 2022 wed. mar 30th, 2022 our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews tuesday, apr 5th, 2022 previous editions tue. apr 5th, 2022 mon. apr 4th, 2022 fri. apr 1st, 2022 thu. mar 31st, 2022 wed. mar 30th, 2022 a session wednesday, april 6, will provide information on courses in creative writing. event to provide info on creative writing program apr 5th, 2022 an information session wednesday, april 6, will educate undergraduate students in any discipline about creative writing classes at the university of windsor. professor susan holbrook and graduate teaching assistant anna karch will host the in-person event ?how to prepare and submit an engl-2710 portfolio application? at 1 p.m. in room 254, dillon hall. students interested in joining the creative writing major stream ? or simply interested in taking one or two creative writing courses during their undergraduate years ? will benefit from: background on the program?s varied courses, meeting other creative students, and getting a jump on next year?s application. the hosts invite students to bring their questions regarding: how students gain admission into creative writing classes; what professors expect in 2710; how to prepare a portfolio; what range of courses are offered every year; overview of weekly classes in creative writing; what sorts of writing students will look at and critique; how to critique during a workshop seminar; and creative writing enrichment beyond the workshop classes. learn how the international student centre supports faculty, staff, and students at the ?know your isc? webinar at noon wednesday, april 6. session promises information on international student centre apr 5th, 2022 uwindsor faculty and staff wanting to better help international students can learn how during an information session at noon wednesday, april 6. the international student centre presents know your isc on microsoft teams. learn about its services and programs for students in english language improvement, undergraduate, graduate, or post-graduate programs. the international student centre accompanies clients through every stage of their lancer journey, beginning with specialized orientation at the start of every term, the university health insurance program, immigration and visa advising, student exchange opportunities, and more. as more international students choose the university of windsor for their post-secondary educations, it is important to provide adequate support to those who may be unfamiliar with canadian ways of operation. the presentation will take about 30 minutes, with time afterward for questions. register here to attend. windsor law professors christopher waters and wissam aoun have taken on the role of editors-in-chief of the canadian bar review. law profs named editors-in-chief of professional journal apr 5th, 2022 since 2015, windsor law has hosted the editorial offices of the canadian bar review (cbr). the cbr was founded in 1923 and is the bilingual peer-reviewed legal journal of the canadian bar association, where theory and practice meet. its mission is to serve the legal profession, the bench, the bar, and the academy by publishing the highest quality legal scholarship that will shape discussion on the most relevant legal issues of our time. recently, the canadian bar association and windsor law agreed to partner for another five-year term, with professors christopher waters and wissam aoun acting as the journal?s editors-in-chief. ?this journal is nearly 100 years old, but it is open access and tackles the major legal issues of our day,? said dr. waters, an expert in public international law who joined the faculty in 2007. ?it was a pleasure to co-edit the review with prof. david tanovich for the first five years; in particular david brought a keen eye to issues of ethics and professionalism. i?m now looking forward to working with my colleague, prof. wissam aoun, as we co-edit the review for the next five years.? having joined the faculty of law in 2019 as an expert in intellectual property law, prof. aoun said he is excited for the opportunity to contribute to the prestigious journal. ?i am truly delighted and humbled to join professor waters as co-editor,? he adds. ?the cbr has a long history as one of canada?s leading law journals, and to have the opportunity to participate in windsor law?s lead in editing this journal is such a tremendous honour.? distance runner sydney pattison led windsor with two bronze medal performances at the u sports track and field championships. track and field lancers earn hardware at national meet apr 5th, 2022 lancer athletes brought home five medals from the u sports track and field championships this past weekend in saint john, n.b. fifth-year runner sydney pattison won bronze in the women?s 1000m and 1500m races. a pair of rookie men earned all-canadian status with silver-medal performances: caleb keeling in high jump and ben tilson in the 600m. nojah parker placed third in men?s pole vault. find more results at golancers.ca. the campus bookstore pre-inventory sale offers savings of 25 per cent storewide on wednesday, april 6. bookstore offering deals to clear stock before inventory apr 5th, 2022 nobody likes taking inventory, and the staff of the campus bookstore hopes to reduce the amount it needs to count by extending a deal to patrons to take stock off its hands. its pre-inventory sale offers a 25 per cent discount storewide on all merchandise, excluding only textbooks and gift cards, wednesday, april 6. the campus bookstore is located on the lower level of the student centre and is open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. the sale is available to online shoppers until midnight. summary: the campus bookstore pre-inventory sale offers savings of 25 per cent storewide, wednesday, april 6. dates are a traditional food to break the daily ramadan fast. muslim community begins observation of ramadan apr 5th, 2022 saturday marked the beginning of the islamic holy month of ramadan. between now and may 1, muslims the world over will engage in prayer, self-reflection, self-sacrifice, and self-restraint. ?we take this opportunity to wish all members of our muslim campus community blessings, joy, and happiness and our wishes for a healthy and holy fast and a blessed ramadan,? said clinton beckford, uwindsor vice-president for equity, diversity, and inclusion. ?celebrants will live out the highest ideals of islam including generosity, compassion, and care for the less fortunate. while not all of us celebrate ramadan or practise islam, these are universal values that bind humanity together and thus offer inspiration.? for more information, visit the muslim chaplaincy website or the facebook page of the muslim students association. marium tolson-murtty, uwindsor director for anti-racism organizational change, received the influencer award from women?s enterprise skills training of windsor. gala honours inspirational women apr 5th, 2022 several members of the uwindsor community were among the honourees at a march 8 gala celebrating international women?s day hosted by women?s enterprise skills training of windsor. the organization, which provides employment and educational support to newcomers, immigrants, and racialized women in windsor-essex, conferred ?journey towards success? awards on alumnae fatima al hakim (bs 2021), maryan amalow (ba 2005, ma 2008), susan taylor (bhk 1994) and marium tolson-murtty (ba 1996, b.ed 2003, m.ed 2008). al hakim received the youth community leadership award in recognition of her achievements during her studies, both in and outside the classroom. an award-winning student, she co-founded the pre-dental society, mentored junior students, and served as a research assistant in two labs. she currently volunteers with we connect windsor, raising funds for its scholarship programs. amalow, executive director of the organization of part-time university students, received the daphne v. clarke trailblazer award. opus has been working with west to provide training and experience to young women. amalow?s commitment to inclusivity and diversity has provided youths of varying backgrounds with opportunities to learn skills that will empower them on their journey to success. taylor is the program manager for innovation, entrepreneurship, and student experience at the genesis entrepreneurship centre at st. clair college. she received the visionary award in recognition of her experience founding multiple businesses as well as community engagement with the canadian mental health association, windsor regional hospital, and women of windsor mentorship collaborative. tolson-murtty received the influencer award. she is the director for anti-racism organizational change in the office of the vice-president, equity, diversity, and inclusion at the university of windsor, where is pursuing doctoral studies in education. her volunteer work includes board positions with the hour-a-day study club, black council of windsor-essex, united way windsor-essex county, family fuse, and propel: preparing for the realities of post-secondary education and life. watch a video recording of the ?break the bias? virtual gala. the university has declared three steelcase lateral filing cabinets for sale by bid. university offers filing cabinets for sale by bid apr 5th, 2022 the university has declared three steelcase lateral filing cabinets for sale by bid as disposal file 1045. two units are 52 inches high with four drawers; the other has four drawers topped with a lift door to a fixed shelf and measures 65.2 inches tall. click here for details. limit sweets for healthier teeth, advises human resources. message offers tips for healthier teeth apr 5th, 2022 april is a national oral health month. it is no secret that bacteria feed on sugars in your mouth. the more sugar you eat, the higher your risk of tooth decay. in a message sent monday to faculty and staff, human resources five tips to help you minimize tooth decay as you enjoy sweets: eat sweets at mealtimes rather than between meals. you?re likely to eat less of them and there is more saliva in your mouth from eating a meal that can help wash the sugar from your teeth. avoid hard candies. they bathe your mouth in sugar for a long period of time and they can also chip or crack teeth if bitten on. be careful of chewy candies and dried fruit. they stick to the teeth and can even pull out dental work like fillings. watch for hidden sugars in food and beverages. foods that are high in carbohydrates, like pasta, break down to sugar. also, be mindful of every teaspoon of sugar you put in your coffee or tea. read the labels carefully. there are many alternate names for sugar, such as fructose and dextrose. read the entire wellness tip of the week. external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
