https://www.uwindsor.ca/publicaffairs/aggregator/sources/1
daily news top stories | office of public affairs & communications skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students feed aggregator office of public affairs & communications sources about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library uwindsor home office of public affairs & communications feed aggregator sources daily news top stories daily news top stories the university of windsor dailynews is an e-newsletter published by the public affairs & communications department. url: https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/all-news updated: 14 hours 57 min ago event to provide info on creative writing program 18 hours 27 min ago professor susan holbrook and graduate teaching assistant anna karch will host ?how to prepare and submit an engl-2710 portfolio application? april 6. session promises information on international student centre 18 hours 29 min ago learn how the international student centre supports faculty, staff, and students at the know your isc webinar at noon wednesday, april 6. law profs named editors-in-chief of professional journal 18 hours 31 min ago windsor law professors christopher waters and wissam aoun are editors-in-chief of the canadian bar review. track and field lancers earn hardware at national meet 18 hours 32 min ago lancer athletes brought home five medals from the u sports track and field championships. gala honours inspirational women 18 hours 34 min ago several members of the uwindsor community were among the honourees at a march 8 gala celebrating international women?s day. muslim community begins observation of ramadan 18 hours 34 min ago saturday marked the beginning of the islamic holy month of ramadan. bookstore offering deals to clear stock before inventory 18 hours 36 min ago the campus bookstore pre-inventory sale offers savings of 25 per cent storewide on wednesday, april 6. university offers filing cabinets for sale by bid 18 hours 37 min ago the university has declared three steelcase lateral filing cabinets for sale by bid. message offers tips for healthier teeth 18 hours 39 min ago human resources has circulated tips for a healthier sweet tooth. beading activity an act of remembrance and reconciliation mon, 04/04/2022 - 00:50 an online truth and reconciliation beading circle will honour the victims and survivors of canada?s residential schools. business prof recognized for contributions to executive learning mon, 04/04/2022 - 00:49 ira cohen, a sessional lecturer in the odette school of business, is honoured to receive an award for outstanding achievement in the field of executive learning. recruitment office seeking student ambassadors mon, 04/04/2022 - 00:36 the office of enrolment management ? recruitment is hiring student recruitment ambassadors. student remembered as advocate for mental health mon, 04/04/2022 - 00:14 campus flags will be lowered monday, april 4, in memory of kristin legault donkers, a master?s student of social work who died march 11. campus cancer fundraiser surpasses goal mon, 04/04/2022 - 00:11 the university of windsor?s march 25 relay for life raised $30,479.08 for the canadian cancer society. experiential learning issues final call for work-study summer job proposals mon, 04/04/2022 - 00:10 job proposals for the ignite summer work-study program are due by april 5. have your say: drop-in sessions return in new locations fri, 04/01/2022 - 00:13 sessions next week will allow students to provide input on the university of windsor strategic plan. video recordings for previous semesters in blackboard collaborate to migrate fri, 04/01/2022 - 00:11 videos recorded before january 2022 in blackboard collaborate will migrate to the yuja video enterprise system. fans can follow track meet online fri, 04/01/2022 - 00:09 fans of lancer athletics can watch a livestream of the national university championships on cbc sports. pizza giveaway draws grateful diners fri, 04/01/2022 - 00:08 the organization of part-time university students enjoyed a great turnout for its march 2 free pizza friday. april workshops offer professional development fri, 04/01/2022 - 00:06 the organizational development and training team in human resources presents a series of online workshops for uwindsor staff and faculty in april. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? next share tweet save daily news top stories event to provide info on creative writing program session promises information on international student centre law profs named editors-in-chief of professional journal track and field lancers earn hardware at national meet gala honours inspirational women more contact pac welcome center (2nd floor south) phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3240 email: pac@uwindsor.ca helpful links the uwindsor brand our visual identity graphic standards manual vendor agreement image library model release form share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
