https://www.bepress.com/products/digital-commons
digital commons - bepress go products digital commons why digital commons features faculty scholarship & research student work & etds journal publishing data management conferences & events open educational resources & books archives & special collections readership & impact metrics resources digital commons resource library reference & how-to guides promotional materials courses & additional services expert gallery suite why expert gallery suite features expert galleries scholarly profiles impact dashboard resources reference & how-to guides promotional materials about who we are news careers events webinars community news my account contact us home products digital commons digital commons digital commons is a best-in-class hosted solution to openly publish, manage and showcase the full spectrum of your institution?s research and scholarship. built for discovery, our cloud-hosted institutional repository software features a professional grade publishing platform for journals, conference proceedings, open educational resources, books, campus newsletters and magazines. nearly 600 institutions ? and growing ? use digital commons to preserve and promote their intellectual output and expertise. benefits fully hosted and supported, with unlimited cloud storage and reliable impact metrics features publish faculty and student work, custom journals and conferences, and anything else you can think of resources reference guides, research from the wider community, and materials to help you engage stakeholders our clients use digital commons to manage, publish and showcase the full spectrum of your institution?s research and scholarly work. webinars oct 13, 2016 bot shields: activate! ensuring reliable repository download statistics aug 09, 2016 showcasing faculty expertise with the new expert gallery - ann connolly jul 26, 2016 up your game: the next level in repository visitor engagement view all webinars community news nov 21, 2019 serving diverse needs across the state: maine state library makes government & historical documents easily discoverable & accessible aug 04, 2017 a few early answers to your questions about the elsevier transition dec 06, 2016 full expert gallery suite coming in january 2017 dec 01, 2016 measuring impact: ensuring reliable download statistics view all posts our community about us our blog current status product updates our customers would you like to join our community? contact us for a consultation follow bepress contact 2100 milvia street, suite 300 berkeley, ca, 94704 usa p: 510.665.1200 f. 510. 665.1201 e: info@bepress.com our products digital commons digital commons publishing expert gallery suite our networks digital commons network teaching commons undergraduate research common law review commons helpful links reference & how-to guides webinars events ask bepress contact us we?re here to help support@bepress.com or +1 510 665 1200 x2 6:30 a.m to 7:30 p.m. north american pacific time, monday-friday learn more ?2022 by elsevier b.v. all rights reserved. cookies are used by this site. cookie settings privacy policy terms and conditions cookies careers we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking ?accept?, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information. cookie settings accept manage consent close privacy overview this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. necessary necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. cookie duration description cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months the cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months this cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months the cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. save & accept
