https://www.sebastianagosta.com/
digital marketing & wordpress web design in windsor, on home about me my work what i do design & development web design & development mobile web design wordpress & training email & web hosting digital marketing search engine optimization google/social media ads social media marketing email marketing consulting & speaking consulting public speaking weekly blog home about me my work what i do weekly blog digital marketer. web developer. wordpress wizard. over 15 years of experience helping windsor businesses grow their online presence. what i do my work hello and benvenuti! my name is sebastian agosta and i'm a digital marketer/web designer/google ads partner living and working in windsor, ontario. i've been designing and developing websites professionally for over 15 years and also have experience in search engine optimization, social media marketing & content marketing. my goal is to help small to medium sized businesses in windsor-essex grow their online presence through unique and inventive online marketing strategies. please explore my website for past work, services and knowledge and when you're ready to discuss your project - get in touch! let's connect @sebas_agosta sebastianagosta @sebasagosta newsletter signup get news, helpful hints and online marketing knowledge sent straight to your email by signing up for my monthly newsletter. signup is 100% free and you can unsubscribe anytime! *your name: *email address: a few kind words from current clients they're surrounded by quotation marks so they must be true! reena kainth, rain fitness www.rainfitness.ca "i was so impressed with sebastian's one-on-one approach, taking time to research my business and understand my brand and target demographic. he executed an seo plan efficiently and effectively, and in just one month, my organic search traffic has already increased by 25%! i can say with confidence that i intend to pass on his recommendation to anyone who needs help with digital marketing." gennaro coscarella, coscarella dentistry www.coscarelladentistry.com "we've worked with sebastian for just over a year and he has been nothing but fantastic. he provides great advice with a personal touch and has been extremely responsive whenever we had any questions. he has increased the traffic of our website tremendously and we have seen such great results from it. i highly recommend sebastian if you are looking for a website re-design." wen teoh, u of w - epicentre www.epicentreuwindsor.ca "it's a pleasure working with sebastian. not only was he attentive to details, he took the time to understand our needs and presented us with a beautiful, modern and easy-to-maintain website. his professionalism and work ethics are second to none. his works are creative and meticulous, two qualities that you probably won't see together very often. i highly recommend sebastian for any website development project." see my work more testimonials weekly blog why don?t my google ads appear in results every time i search for them? january 6, 2022 dipping your toe in the google ads water but concerned your ads aren?t appearing when they?re supposed to? you?re not alone. taking a look at why your google ads aren?t appearing every time you search your keywords. read more... visit the blog web development & digital marketing services take a gander at some of the services i can provide your business. web design & development your online presence starts and ends with your website. a well-designed and engaging website will not only impress your customers but will keep them coming back for more. learn more mobile web design with more people accessing the web using their smart phones and tablets than ever before, it's imperative that you have a website that conforms to those devices with a responsive web design. learn more custom wordpress & training if you want the ability to update your website whenever you want, then a website built with wordpress is for you. easily edit pages, images and content with no programming skills required. learn more email & web hosting stop using that unprofessional looking @yahoo or @gmail email account for your business. email and web hosting available on a domain of your choosing for one low yearly cost. learn more search engine optimization earn the type of top 3 ranking your website deserves on the search engines. get there with an seo plan that not only increases your traffic, but gets you the type of customers you want. learn more google ads/social media ads give your online campaign a boost with purchased advertising. use the incredible ad tools of sites like facebook and google ads to target your exact audience and set a cost that's within your budget. learn more social media marketing you don't get to 1 billion users without including business pages. setup and maintenance of social media pages across multiple networks like facebook, twitter, linkedin and instagram. learn more email marketing getting that sales lead is only half of the battle. the other half is regular follow-ups through email marketing. create automated emails to users who've subscribed to your lists. learn more ready to get started? click here or call 519-995-7329 all images, designs and content copyright ? 2022, sebastian agosta home about me my work what i do weekly blog
