https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/distinguished-speaker-series-3
distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james | office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion in this section about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us uwindsor home office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james 10 am est on friday, april 1, 2022 click here to register do equity measures launched to address systemic racism effect change? a lecture friday, april 1, will explore the question. carl e. james holds the jean augustine chair in education, community and diaspora in the faculty of education at york university and is also the senior advisor on equity and representation in its office of the vice-president of equity, people and culture. his presentation, entitled ?hortative equity? beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings,? will begin at 10 a.m. on the microsoft teams platform and is open to the public. ?as part of their action to accompany the talk of systemic racism affecting the education and employment issues of their members, institutions have had task forces conducting self-examinations of inequities, racism, and discrimination; anti-racism, unconscious bias, and anti-oppressive training; and targeted or cluster hiring of indigenous and black scholars,? notes dr. james. ?are institutions? claims, programs, initiatives, and activities really making a difference?? he is a fellow of the royal society of canada ? academy of social sciences, whose publications include colour matters: essays on the experiences, education and pursuits of black youth, and the equity myth: racialization and indigeneity at canadian universities. this event is the third in the distinguished speaker series in anti-racism and anti-oppression pedagogies, presented by the office of the vice-president for equity, diversity, and inclusion. (courtesy of the dailynews) for more information, please contact: dr. andrew allen university of windsor anti-racism pedagogies teaching leadership chair aallen@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 x 3829 edi ? published on mar 25th, 2022 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
