https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dauntless.gs.faa.rdp
drone pilot (uas) test prep - apps on google play sign in hidden fields search apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide categories art & design augmented reality auto & vehicles beauty books & reference business comics communication dating daydream education entertainment events finance food & drink health & fitness house & home libraries & demo lifestyle maps & navigation medical music & audio news & magazines parenting personalization photography productivity shopping social sports tools travel & local video players & editors watch apps watch faces weather games action adventure arcade board card casino casual educational music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word kids ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 home top charts new releases drone pilot (uas) test prep dauntless aviationeducation everyone add to wishlist $81.99 buy ace your faa remote drone pilot in command knowledge test! 500+ actual and realistic questions, fully explained! now tested and verified against the actual text with extremely positive results from existing users. our test prep is the best way to study for and pass your faa small uas knowledge test! this test prep app is 100% what you need to help you pass both your initial small unmanned aerial system (suas/drone) rpic knowledge test which is now required by the new cfr 14 part 107 faa regulations. what's more, with its free lifetime updates, it'll also prepare you for the recurrency/recertification tests that you'll need to take down the line at no extra charge. - study at your own pace wherever and however works best for you. - lean from the detailed and illustrated explanations written by our experienced editorial team. many of our team were key members of the part 107 deliberation process and are experienced drone pilots and instructors. - save hundreds compared to those weekend/online courses that seem to be springing up everywhere these days. this app includes an extensive (and regularly updated/growing) question set covering all of the airman certification standards (acs) knowledge areas, including - airspace and flight restrictions - drone regulations and remote pilot licensing - aviation weather - drone operations and safety - emergency procedures - suas performance and limitations - crew resource management - aeronautical decision making - airport operation - preflight inspection and suas maintenance you can use this app offline or online. you do not need to be online to use this app (except, of course, to get updates - which are free for life!) why you should get this app: #1. detailed, illustrated explanations. written by drone instructors and faa designated examiners, our explanations will help you effectively learn the material so that you'll be prepared for any question variants the faa will throw your way on the actual test. #2. free lifetime updates. study now or refresh later. the app will be there for you. #3. more real and representative questions than any other prep, and the list is regularly growing as feedback from real tests comes in. #4. plenty of study and learning modes (including the ability to take unlimited practice tests!) #5. audio mode included at no extra charge! you can now listen to the questions read by a human narrator. helps you study on the move! #6. all the charts and figures that you will need to reference are included. #7. fast and polished user interface #8. a cool "question stack" feature helps zoom in on and eliminate problem areas quickly! #9. fully integrated "jargonbuster" aviation dictionaries #10. a proven system that works. we've helped hundreds of thousands of people pass their faa tests over the last 20+ years. we invite you to be next! read more collapse reviewsreview policy and info loading? what's new master riggers.thank you for making us the most trusted faa parachute rigger knowledge test prep! this significant update looks better and works faster than ever before to help you learn the material and pass that test! our test prep content is fully faa acs (airman certification standards) compatible, and contains up to date and regularly updated questions. as always, this app features the best and most illustrated explanations in the business maintained by a 25+ year parachute rigging school. read more collapse additional information eligible for family library eligible if bought after 7/2/2016. learn more updated november 3, 2021 size 26m installs 500+ current version 10.6.4 requires android 5.0 and up content rating everyone learn more permissions view details report flag as inappropriate offered by dauntless aviation developer visit website android@dauntless-soft.com privacy policy 4950c york road 110 buckingham pa 18912 usa similar see more drone pilot canada my appatory drone pilot canada - log your flights. $59.99 faa private pilot test prep dauntless aviation study actual, up-to-date faa questions and pass your private pilot written test! $81.99 parachute rigger dauntless aviation ace your faa parachute rigger written test! master and senior rigger. $81.99 dronemate foxnomad, llc dronemate is a regularly updated map of recreational drone laws worldwide. $6.49 nav trainer pro for pilots fleminger media practice & improve your instrument navigation skills on your mobile device $10.99 more by dauntless aviation see more ??????????????? dauntless aviation pass the china airlines pilot test! $68.99 ??????????? (???) dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ????????????? dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ???????????? dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ??????????? ???? dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
