https://continue.uwindsor.ca/526/e-commerce
e-commerce | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor in this section featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor e-commerce e-commerce ? register now ? back to main page watch the info session e-commerce instructors adiela aviram, navneet chhajer, and steven javor provide an overview of each e-commerce course with insights specific to their own career journey. now, more than ever, businesses must have an engaging, efficient, and functional online presence. if you don't have the skills needed to succeed in the digital world of business, you can't compete. the e-commerce certificate provides learners with an enhanced understanding of how to do business online by connecting with customers, facilitating transactions, and creating a web-based storefront. consisting of three live, online classes, the e-commerce certificate covers the key topics and strategies that are required to succeed in the digital economy. take all three to earn an e-commerce certificate or take individual classes that suit your needs. courses digital marketing schedule: thursdays, may 19 - june 23, 2022 | 6pm - 9pm, online in today?s increasingly digital world, business owners must compete for customers on a variety of online channels. a well-executed digital marketing strategy and e-commerce presence has become a key differentiator in attracting/retaining customers and driving sales. designed for business owners who want to establish or improve their digital presence and professionals who wish to become more well-versed in digital marketing, the digital marketing non-credit course is delivered through six consecutive three-hour sessions, each one focusing on key topics that will provide you with the skills necessary to build and operate your digital marketing efforts. each session will include lectures, real-world case studies and hands-on learning activities. this course applies towards an e-commerce certificate learning outcomes: upon successful completion of the course, learners will: formulate a sales-driving plan with digital marketing and e-commerce strategies understand how to use the main digital marketing channels and the key marketing technology tools required for each: content marketing e-mail marketing (including compliance with canadian anti-spam legislation) display and video marketing search engine marketing & search engine optimization social media marketing prepare reports and interpret basic marketing data through web analytics in order to successfully complete the class learners will actively participate in class, complete weekly assignments and a final assignment which will comprise of a digital marketing strategy. fee: $380 + hst prerequisites & minimum requirements include: basic computer skills or course completion in fundamental computer applications such as word experience working with word processing, email and web browsing english language proficiency successful completion of a secondary school diploma some business experience recommended knowledge in statistics and mathematical literacy equivalent to grade 12 is recommended verification may be requested. instructor: adiela aviram is an award-winning digital marketer and a senior manager in deloitte digital?s advertising, marketing and e-commerce offering. over the past 12 years, she has orchestrated and delivered strategies for north america?s leading brands to acquire and nurture their best customers. adiela specializes in comprehensive digital marketing strategy and execution, with deep expertise in, paid advertising, search engine optimization (seo), search engine marketing (sem), e-commerce strategy, biddable (programmatic) media, paid social, display, and online video. prior to joining deloitte, she held senior digital marketing roles at a leading google analytics consultancy as well as global marketing agencies, with clients spanning several industries including retail, consumer, education, travel and public sector. she has proven experience in guiding multi-disciplinary teams and managing multiple stakeholders in successful digital marketing projects for several high-profile clients with exceptional results. as a former marketing practitioner, she possesses a nuanced understanding of the rapidly evolving marketing and e-commerce landscape. website tools for online sales schedule: thursdays, august 11 to september 15, 2022 | 6pm - 9pm, online watch: top 10 website design tips to gain a competitive edge presented by navneet chhajer website tools for online sales (formerly ecom7103, web management for e-commerce), introduces the topic of web management. it focusses on a number of key topics that will provide you with the skills necessary to design and manage an e-commerce website. this is a non-credit course that is delivered through six consecutive three-hour sessions, each session will include a mix of lectures, real-world case studies and hands-on learning activities. learning outcomes upon successful completion of the course, learners will: discover the various channels available for online sales develop a high-level understanding of an e-commerce website infrastructure understand ux design principles and impact on customer journeys evaluate and investigate available web-development platforms like shopify, wix, wordpress, etc. experience building a website using a development platform gather best practices for optimizing website performance and efficacy learn to edit and debug using basic html5, css3 and javascript programming review supporting technologies, third party plug-ins, and e-commerce automations (iot, chat bots, virtual assistants) in order to successfully complete the class, learners should actively participate in class and work together to complete weekly assignments ? building towards the final assignment which will comprise of a basic e-commerce website. this course applies towards the e-commerce certificate prerequisites & minimum requirements include: basic computer skills or course completion in fundamental computer applications such as word experience working with word processing, email and web browsing working knowledge of microsoft excel english language proficiency some post-secondary education fees: $380+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for a discount. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to get your discount code before registering online. instructor navneet (?nav?) chhajer is an accomplished marketing executive, currently leading toronto operations for labelium as the managing director. labelium is a digital performance agency specializing in e-commerce and media strategy. nav?s extensive experience includes senior roles at internet-first companies like meta (facebook), loblaw digital and salesforce. he has helped hundreds of organizations adapt to the digital ecosystem and realize maximum returns from their investments in this space. having started his career as a developer, nav has experience both as a technology practitioner and a business leader. this all-round experience affords him a good appreciation of the qualities that make certain e-commerce ventures more successful than others. nav graduated with a computer science (hons.) degree from uwindsor in 2004 and recently completed his executive mba from the smith school of business at queen?s university. e-commerce business strategy schedule: thursdays, september 22 - october 22, 2022 | 6pm - 9pm, online in e-commerce we have learned that customers are loyal to the experience. to create a great customer experience, we need to understand how to design and operate an e-commerce business. the e-commerce business strategy course is a series of six, three-hour classes designed to help learners understand the business side of e-commerce. in this course we will explore how to create and operate an ecommerce business, whether it is an addition to an existing business or a new business opportunity. learning outcomes upon successful completion of the course, learners will: understand the different e-commerce business models and the difference between an e-commerce start-up and an online shop identify and define e-commerce business opportunities and the various methods to monetize them distinguish the target market and formulate the value proposition for an e-commerce business idea discover various business systems and infrastructure options needed to operate an e-commerce business identify different roles and responsibilities of an e-commerce team and their relationship to the plan create a high-level e-commerce business plan to develop a strategy to bring the business to life in order to successfully complete the class, learners will be expected to attend interactive classes, complete 2 in-class quizzes and submit a e-commerce business plan. this course applies towards the e-commerce certificate prerequisites: minimum admission requirements include: basic computer skills or course completion in fundamental computer applications such as word experience working with word processing, email and web browsing english language proficiency successful completion of a secondary school diploma some experience in business recommended verification may be requested. fees: $380+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for a discount. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to get your discount code before registering online. instructor steven javor is an accomplished leader in e-commerce and is a pioneer of digital customer experience and e-marketing strategies. as a digital business professional with 20+ years experience, he has built b2c and b2b strategies and solutions for major national and international brands. steven has worked with companies such as amazon, walmart, canada post, rogers, bell, rbc, ctv, home depot and also has led 2 start-ups in the online retail and digital services verticals. currently, he is a global director of e-commerce for a paris based, energy solutions multinational and has held leadership positions in canada, the us and the eu. steven is also an active member of the academy of television arts and science (emmy awards) and currently resides in his hometown of toronto. course information: fees & discounts: e-commerce certificate: $1,026 + hst includes digital marketing, e-commerce business strategy, and website tools for online sales cannot be used with any other discount or, take courses individuallly at $380 + hst per course uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for discounts. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for futher details. schedule: thursdays, 6pm-9pm. refer to individual courses for exact dates. format: live, online instruction. learners are expected to be present and actively engage in classes technical requirements technical requirements: learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. all modules are delivered online through blackboard collaborate learning management system. blackboard requirements all course details can be accessed through blackboard. a link will be provided through email prior to the first day of class so that you will have access to all course resources and streaming functions. once you are accepted to this program, you will be given a uwinid and will be required to activate it in order to access blackbaord. please activate your uwinid as soon as possible. your uwinid and password are needed to access blackboard. if you have any issues, please contact continue@uwindsor.ca. blackboard.uwindsor.ca works best with google chrome. you can also use firefox or safari. it is suggested that you avoid using internet explorer. there is a ?navigating your online course? module and technical tutorials that you can review for a brief orientation to blackboard once you log in. feel free to review the full blackboard preferred system requirements. about osap 2021-22 micro-credentials application this program is eligible for the osap 2021-22 micro-credential application (osapmc). refer to the former course names when searching for the micro-credential: digital marketing (formerly ecom 7101 digital marketing and e-commerce strategy) e-commerce business strategy (formerly ecom 7102 e-commerce business and operations) website tools for online sales (formerly ecom 7103 web management for e-commerce) participants must be registered into the program prior to applying for osapmc. participants are obligated to pay their fees in full, or decide to withdraw at least one week prior to the course start date should they not receive osapmc. if this is the case, email continue@uwindsor.ca immediately to withdraw and request a refund. register for this program accordingly to allow ample time for your application to be processed. it takes approximately 10-15 business days for the osapmc application to be processed. register now email us at continue@uwindsor.ca if you have questions - we are always happy to help. sign up on our interest list to be notified about enrolment and receive updates from continuing education. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
