https://uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/312/edi-priorities
edi priorities | office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion in this section about us message from the vp priorities our team about the vp edi home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us about us message from the vp priorities our team about the vp edi home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us uwindsor home office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion edi priorities edi priorities priorities for 2021 facilitate the university of windsor?s upcoming external review of equity, diversity and inclusion.? in conjunction with the executive leadership team, lead a consultative process to develop the university of windsor?s first edi strategic plan.? guide the: ? implementation of abr task force recommendations in conjunction with relevant university and community stakeholders.? process to address the broader issues of racism on university campuses that compelled the ohrc to write to university presidents in dec/20. this includes anti-indigenous racism, anti-asian racism and all forms of racism and racial discrimination. ? work with the racialized data collection rapid action unit and implementation committee to operationalize the university of windsor?s student self-identification survey. ? substantial progress has already been made to launch phase one.? advises on the development of a senate bylaw for the permanent vp, edi position in the future and work with the president and the elt and the indigenous community to fashion a senior level indigenous portfolio. to achieve the goals of a more just campus we need traditionally marginalized voices at the table. establish an edi strategic advisory committee?, a cross-sectional and intersectional university-wide body that will work to develop a shared vision of and strategic plan for edi. ? establish the anti-racist coalition, a ?rainbow coalition? of racialized peoples and allies that provides guidance around issues of racism and racial discrimination. would take the place of the current abr roundtable.? publish a electronic edi newsletter designed to educate and inform the university and broader community. expect volume 1 december 2021.? vice-president, edi: key areas of focus ? policy and procedures ? accountability ? structural change ? edi leadership and community engagement ? healing and reconciliation vice-president, edi: roles and responsibilities provides guidance, advocacy, insight, and leadership as we work toward a permanent, senate-governed leadership role at the v-p level. provides systematic, intentional, and coherent infrastructure to support the ongoing work of fostering and ensuring increasingly welcoming, equitable, inclusive, just, and safe campus communities. leads and supports efforts to address racism and discrimination on campus. provides guidance at the leadership table to ensure that equity, diversity and inclusion priorities thoughtfully inform decision making. facilitates the university of windsor?s upcoming external edi review. leads a process to establish the senate bylaw for the permanent vp, edi position in the future. works especially closely with the interim provost and team on many initiatives related to the student experience, student misconduct, conflict resolution, faculty matters, research support, and curriculum development. provides key leadership in strategic planning. oversees activities of the office of human rights, equity, and accessibility. oversees process for response to and implementation of the recommendations of the abr task force. undertakes community engagement activities. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
