https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentaccessibility/322/emergency-evacuation-buildings-and-assistance-persons-disabilities
emergency evacuation of buildings, and assistance to persons with disabilities | student accessibility services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student accessibility services student accessibility services in this section home students faculty & staff accommodations explained transition programs downtown campus emergency response procedures contact us home students faculty & staff accommodations explained transition programs downtown campus emergency response procedures contact us uwindsor home student accessibility services emergency evacuation of buildings, and assistance to persons with disabilities emergency evacuation of buildings, and assistance to persons with disabilities any student requiring assistance during a building evacuation has the responsibility to make this known to the university and to the instructor in each of their classes. the university cannot make an independent evaluation of such need. assistance is usually needed by anyone with hearing, visual or mobility impairment. before an emergency evacuation be familiar with the evacuation routes posted on evacuation maps located on each floor; know the location of the nearest exit; and, where possible, know the identity of the fire plan manager in all locations frequented. review this list of campus buildings and their evacuation committees (including their fire plan managers) and the university's general fire safety procedures (information for those requiring assistance is on p. 3). emergency evacuation evacuation will begin with the sounding of building fire alarms. the emergency alarm in all campus buildings is the intermittent sounding of horns or bells at a fixed rate. follow these procedures evacuate immediately on hearing the alarm. do not hesitate; do not use elevators, use the closest stairwell; do not stop and congregate in stairwells; exit the building as quickly as possible; do not congregate near the building: the possibility of flying glass is real and is extremely dangerous. your role and responsibility instructors are primarily responsible for the safety of students in classrooms or laboratories. it is the responsibility of the instructor to evacuate their classroom as quickly as possible and to have students exit the building as safely as possible by using exit routes which will avoid fire or other danger areas. students are responsible for cooperating in their safe exit and evacuation. disabled occupants in need of assistance to evacuate must self identify whether or not they have previously done so. instructors must delegate an appropriate number of students to assist disabled students to evacuate the building or, if impossible to evacuate, assist in moving to a stairwell to await the arrival of fire-fighters instructors/ staff shall notify the fire plan manager or campus community police of the location of disabled occupants if you are alone when the fire alarms are activated you can contact a 911 operator from your cell phone and make them aware of your location. please note if you are calling 911 from a university of windsor pay-phone or office phone you will be connected to campus community police service occupants are not to return until the "all clear" is given by the fire plan manager or campus community police please review the emergency procedures for persons requiring assistance in evacuation (pdf) document. to sign up for uwindsor alert an additional layer of security and protection in emergency response please visit the uwindsor alert website. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
