https://www.uwindsor.ca/nursing/347/facultystaffgata-employment-opportunities
employment opportunities | faculty of nursing skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us faculty of nursing in this section dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links uwindsor home faculty of nursing employment opportunities employment opportunities notice: please review the university of windsor's current vaccination policy clinical instructors must adhere to the agency vaccination policies. type of positions: faculty sessional instructors new sessional instructor application information staff year 4 preceptors graduate/teaching assistants (ga/ta) standardized patients st. joseph's healthcare london nurse practitioner primary care network grand prairie job posting windsor regional hospital 3rd and 4th year nursing students job posting erie shores health care (leamington) job posting the hospice of windsor and essex county direct patient care services temporary posting health canada is looking for physicians & nurse practitioners for the public service occupational health program. public service occupational health program faculty positions: visit the university of windsor faculty recruitment page for a listing of all faculty postings at the university, including any nursing faculty positions. sessional instructor positions: note to current sessional instructors (i.e. those who have already been interviewed/approved by the nursing faculty council and are on the active sessional instructor roster): please use the online response form to apply for any posted sessional instructor positions below by the deadline given (except for any course development postings - apply as instructed on the posting). completing this response form will assist the faculty of nursing in its hiring process. if you have not applied and been interviewed/approved yet or are not on the active sessional instructor roster, you cannot apply for positions - please see application process below. teaching positions are not guaranteed every term to those on the roster - this is contractual, part-time work, based on the teaching needs of the faculty of nursing. only those who are offered a teaching position for the term will be contacted. no postings at this time new sessional instructor applicants - if you have never worked as a nursing sessional instructor (i.e. have not been interviewed/approved by the nursing faculty council) or you have not worked as a nursing sessional instructor for over two years (i.e. not on the active roster), and are interested in applying (or re-applying) to become a part-time contractual sessional instructor, please see information below. note: you cannot apply for postings until you have submitted the application package, been interviewed and then approved by the nursing faculty council. applications may be submitted anytime during the year. note: the faculty of nursing welcomes applications from applicants who meet the criteria listed below. currently, we are particularly in need of sessional instructors who live and/or are willing to teach clinical courses hospital placements in windsor-essex, chatham, and sarnia regions. teaching positions are not guaranteed every term to those on the roster - this is contractual, part-time work. criteria to apply: to teach nursing clinical courses, must have a completed bscn degree. preference will be given to applicants who have completed a graduate degree. to teach theory courses, must have a completed graduate degree must be currently registered with the college of nurses of ontario (cno) and entitled to practice with no restrictions - if you are a registered nurse must have a minimum 5,460 hours of work experience as a registered nurse (3 years full-time equivalent) - if you are a registered nurse if applying to teach clinical courses in fall and winter terms - must have flexibility to teach days and/or afternoon shifts - mondays to saturdays. also must be available to go the clinical site the day/evening before the scheduled clinical day to obtain patient information to provide to the students (for teaching in hospitals and long-term care homes). some clinical may also be scheduled on sundays and during night shifts - particularly in 4th year hospital preceptorship courses. for teaching consolidation clinical courses (in spring each year), must be available full-time for a two or four week period (depending on the course length), including days, afternoons and weekend shifts. must be highly proficient with using computers and technology (email - office 365, microsoft office, internet), with an aptitude for learning and using different programs and learning management systems (e.g. blackboard learn, digital cpe tool) application process/instructions: if you meet the above criteria, you may submit an application package as follows. once your application is complete (i.e. all documents received by the faculty of nursing), you will be considered for an interview based on your qualifications, experience and the areas of teaching need. only short-listed applicants will be contacted for an interview. application package: please do not send your application until you have all your documents completed. to avoid any issues in receiving your applications, please submit all your documents at the same time. we will not consider applications that are not complete. please submit all documents via email to joyl@uwindsor.ca cover letter of interest addressed to the nursing dean - see name and contact information below curriculum vitae (or resume) copies of teaching evaluations (if you have taught previously) completed "verification of employment hours for new sessional instructors application" form (if you are a registered nurse). you may need multiple forms completed if you had multiple employers. proof of degree(s) obtained - i.e. official transcript(s) or photocopy of your graduation certificate(s)/diploma(s) proof of current cno registration (if you are a registered nurse) - i.e. print your registration status from the cno website (using "find a nurse") arrange to have 3 "confidential reference reports" completed by three different referees and forwarded directly to the faculty of nursing - these references must be emailed directly to joyl@uwindsor.ca. due to covid 19 mailed copies will not be accepted at this time. the reference reports must be completed by individuals in a supervisory or managerial position who are familiar with your work and/or teaching performance. at least one of the reference reports must be from your current unit manager, direct supervisor or department head where you are currently employed or have been most recently employed. if you have taught at another institution, at least one of the reference reports must also be from the head of the nursing faculty, school or department where you taught. the faculty of nursing reserves the right to contact the referees. note: completed application packages will be kept on file for a maximum of one year. application package and reference reports are to be scanned and emailed only to joyl@uwindsor.ca dr. debbie sheppard-lemoine dean, faculty of nursing university of windsor 401 sunset avenue windsor, on n9b 3p4 email: joyl@uwindsor.ca if you have any questions about the application process, please contact joy lesperance at joyl@uwindsor.ca staff positions: visit the university of windsor's human resources for a listing of all staff postings at the university, including any nursing staff positions. year 4 preceptors: we continually seek rns in both hospital and community settings to precept our fourth year nursing students. we are appreciative of the nurses who are willing to mentor their future colleagues. the opportunity for students to synthesize the knowledge that they have gained during the bscn program and apply that knowledge to practice is made possible through the guidance and teaching that they receive from these professional nursing experts. if you are interested in being a preceptor, please inform your unit manager or supervisor, or contact andrea reddam, clinical placement coordinator at andrea.reddam@uwindsor.ca or 519.253.3000, x4814. your preceptorship will be acknowledged by the university and our collaborative partners at st. clair and lambton colleges, and may be included in your cno reflective practice portfolio. preceptors are strongly advised to take the online preceptor education program. graduate/teaching assistant (ga/ta) positions: ta positions ta application form winter 2022 ta hyflex positions for winter 2022 ga positions ga application form winter 2022 ga positions for winter 2022 note: preference is given to qualified undergraduate students for ta positions. in cases where an available and qualified student is not found, a non-student holding an honours degree may be considered. standardized patients: see details on our standardized patients program and recruitment. share tweet save tweets by uwinnursing share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
