https://www.uwindsor.ca/humanresources/faculty-staff/benefits/employee-assistance-program
employee and family assistance program (efap) | human resources skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty & staff human resources benefits home welcome faculty & staff benefits out-of-province life insurance & accidental death and dismemberment (ad&d) tuition remission employee and family assistance program st. denis centre membership employee discounts pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events home welcome faculty & staff benefits out-of-province life insurance & accidental death and dismemberment (ad&d) tuition remission employee and family assistance program st. denis centre membership employee discounts pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events human resources faculty & staff benefits employee and family assistance program (efap) employee and family assistance program (efap) lifeworks (formerly morneau shepell) is the provider of the employee and family assistance program (efap) at the university of windsor. they can provide you and your family with immediate and confidential support to help resolve work, health, and life challenges to improve your life. they can help with stress, relationship problems, depression, anxiety, nutrition and weight loss, parenting, and much more. employees and their family members can access services/supports 24 hours a day, seven days a week. preserving your confidentiality is at the heart of the efap. their strict privacy policy goes the extra mile to ensure when you reach out for help, you can feel confident no one will ever know you have contacted your efap, including the university of windsor. services are available in english or french. what does your efap include? short-term professional counselling short-term professional counselling provides support for personal and emotional issues. choose from a variety of delivery methods to best suit your comfort level and lifestyle including, telephonic, e-counselling, first chat (instant online chat with a counsellor), video, text-based self-paced. family support services family support services connects you with a family support specialist for personalized assistance with family planning, parenting, childcare, eldercare, homecare support and more. legal support services legal support services provide consultation with professional lawyers to answer legal questions surrounding divorce, custody, adoption, real estate, debt, bankruptcy, landlord/tenant issues, and more. financial support services financial support services provide consultation with financial professionals to answer financial questions about budgeting, debt management, tax issues, and more. naturopathic services naturopathic services provide consultation with naturopathic doctors on choices related to physiology, diet, lifestyle, and well-being, including illness prevention strategies. nutritional services nutritional services offer consultation with registered dieticians on any nutritional matter or concern. health coaching health coaching by registered nurses can provide information and advice, coordination and support; and coaching on any health risk or concern. specialized counselling and online programs specialized counselling and online programs to assist with career challenges, managing stress, tobacco cessation, enhancing your relationships, separation and divorce, and financial planning. how to access services, resources and supports services and supports can be accessed by phone, online, via chat, you can e-mail a counsellor or via the my eap mobile app. by phone when you call the lifeworks care access centre you will be connected to a professional client care representative (ccr). 1.844.880.9142 or 1.844.880.9137 tty: 1.877.338.0275 online go to www.workhealthlife.com. you will be prompted to either login or search for the organization (enter university of windsor in the search field as pictured below). you will then be directed to the main page where you can access resources and tools. to have full access to the online resources you will need to register using the "register" button found on the top right hand corner of the main site. registration instructions. once you complete the registration you will receive an e-mail to verify your e-mail address. please check your "junk or spam" folder if you don't see the e-mail in your inbox. my eap mobile device application the app is free to download and provides in-app efap support tools and service bookings along with access to general health and wellness information. my eap application is available on the apple store and google play. to learn more about the app, go to the my eap page or download the my eap app fact sheet. resources for supervisors/managers manager consultations 24/7 access to confidential advice and guidance to help managers, supervisors, and people leaders deal with sensitive employee and workplace situations. for more information, download the information brochure. resource guide this easy-to-use handbook offers practical suggestions on how to use the employee and family assistance program (efap). it identifies challenging scenarios that managers and supervisors may face from time to time, and offers step-by-step advice to help resolve situations quickly and effectively. for more information, download the information brochure. manager area of the online portal when you register at www.workhealthlife.com you will be able to access the "manager area" of the website. this area provides you access to manager specific resources and the manager consultations. go to www.workhealthlife.com . you will be prompted to either login or search for the organization (enter university of windsor in the search field). you will then be directed to the main page. you will need to register to access the "manager area". select the "register" button found on the top right hand corner of the main site. registration instructions. once you complete the registration you will receive an e-mail to verify your e-mail address. please check your "junk or spam" folder if you don't see the e-mail in your inbox. useful links abiliticbt - pdf heartbeat newsletter heartbeat webinars lifeworks employee public orientation webinar morneau shepell ? workhealthlife fact sheet - pdf understanding your employee and family assistance program (efap) - pdf share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
