https://www.uwindsor.ca/639677/entertainment
entertainment | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student life out in windsor student life around the university residence food athletics and recreation student government student support office of student experience campus bookstore accessibility services health services international life lancer talent lancer varsity athletics university players soca performances and concerts cjam 99.1 out in windsor getting around dining fine arts music theatre entertainment student life around the university residence food athletics and recreation student government student support office of student experience campus bookstore accessibility services health services international life lancer talent lancer varsity athletics university players soca performances and concerts cjam 99.1 out in windsor getting around dining fine arts music theatre entertainment university of windsor student life out in windsor entertainment entertainment locally, caesars windsor is a world class casino that also offers headline entertainment. with hotel rooms and a variety of restaurants available to you, caesars windsor offers great entertainment options year-round. the tunnel bus over convenient transportation to the busy and exciting detroit city. a step away from where you get off the tunnel bus you can find professional hockey, baseball, basketball, and football. you can check world class museums at the dia, and explore science at the science centre. the detroit zoo can bring you up close with animals, and discover the evolution of transportation at the henry ford museum. the options are endless and just a river away. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
