https://www.uwindsor.ca/president/312/envision-series
envision a post-covid future | office of the president skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the president office of the president in this section meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us uwindsor home office of the president envision a post-covid future envision a post-covid future the university of windsor and the city of windsor are uniting to join the windsor-essex community in inspiring, learning, and imagining what is ahead for our region following the pandemic. this free, six-part virtual speaker series ran monthly from june to november 2021, featuring nationally renowned guests with expertise in areas such as business, social justice, innovation, policy and technology. click on the names to learn more about each speaker, and watch of the sessions through the links below: ? angela mondou: ?pandemic disruption and opportunity,? november 4 watch a recording of this session, hosted by electrical and computer engineering professor mitra mirhassani: ? roseann o'reilly runte, cm: ?covid as catalyst: innovation and discovery,? october 7 watch a recording of this session, hosted by dean of science chris houser: ? maya roy: ?equitable futures, post pandemic,? september 2 watch a recording of this session, hosted by university librarian selinda berg: ? dwayne matthews: ?imagining learning, post pandemic,? august 5 watch a recording of this session, hosted by dr. phebe lam, uwindsor associate vice-president student experience: ? mike moffatt: ?ontarians on the move,? july 8 watch a recording of this session, hosted by dr. vincent georgie, uwindsor associate vice-president external: ? irvin studin: ?after the pandemic - the state and future of canada,? june 3 watch a recording of this session, hosted by dr. cheryl collier, incoming dean of the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences: share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
