https://www.uwindsor.ca/research-innovation-services/335/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-research
equity, diversity and inclusion in research | office of research & innovation services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of research & innovation services office of research & innovation services in this section about us connect with us message from the executive director research partnerships erso research portal oris info sheet & checklist form researcher resources applying for a grant managing your grant news and events equity, diversity and inclusion in research dimensions charter upcoming edi events on-demand edi resources canada research chairs covid-19 resources canada research continuity emergency research fund (crcef) return to campus vpri covid-19 guidance for researchers about us connect with us message from the executive director research partnerships erso research portal oris info sheet & checklist form researcher resources applying for a grant managing your grant news and events equity, diversity and inclusion in research dimensions charter upcoming edi events on-demand edi resources canada research chairs covid-19 resources canada research continuity emergency research fund (crcef) return to campus vpri covid-19 guidance for researchers follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram uwindsor home office of research & innovation services equity, diversity and inclusion in research equity, diversity and inclusion in research the university of windsor (uwindsor) has demonstrated exemplary commitment over the past 30 years to employment equity and is committed to achieving and maintaining diverse and inclusive representation amongst all of its employees. uwindsor is equally committed to ensuring that researchers at uwindsor are provided with an equitable, diverse and inclusive (edi) environment and that the university?s policies and procedures continue to support ongoing research excellence in a fully equitable and inclusive manner. the evidence clearly shows that increasing equity, diversity and inclusion (edi) in research environments enhances excellence, innovation and creativity. edi policies and practices strengthen the research community, as well as the quality, social relevance, outcomes and impacts of research. the office of research and innovation services hosts regular edi training opportunities for faculty and researchers. view upcoming events. policy: equity, diversity and inclusion in research uwindsor committment to equity, diversity and inclusion (edi) the university of windsor recognizes that being inclusive, having equitable policies, recruiting a diverse cadre of candidates, and being accessible for people of all abilities will strengthen the university?s research output and will build upon uwindsor?s research excellence. this uwindsor canada research chair equity, diversity & inclusion action plan (herein referred to as the ?action plan?) will guide the university?s ongoing efforts for sustaining the participation of and/or addressing the underrepresentation of individuals (based on the institution?s equity gaps, if any) from the four federally designated groups (fdgs) - aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities, visible minorities, and women among the uwindsor crc chair allocations. in addition, the university includes sexual/gender minorities as a fifth designated group which is reflected in this action plan. despite the unavailability of workforce data to set targets for sexual/gender minorities, the university is committed to ensuring the representation of this group within its canada research chair program. the university is working to develop a plan for improving edi across its research enterprise, using the principles laid out in its crc action plan. uwindsor edi strategy a recent environmental scan gauged the health of the university?s workplace environment among canada research chairs, and the impact that it may have on the institution?s ability to meet its equity, diversity and inclusion objectives. as has been stated earlier, the university of windsor has a longstanding commitment to employment equity, diversity and inclusion in our workforce. these commitments also supported the recruitment and retention of researchers, including canada research chairs. strong employment equity, diversity and inclusion practices have been built into the structure of the university of windsor. to reference the university of windsor commitment, the following is a short summary of the committees, administrative units and groups that have been established over the years to promote measures for delivering fairness and equity through established policies, procedures and practices: the university of windsor has recently endorsed the tri-agency dimensions charter. in endorsing dimensions, the university executive is committed to upholding the charter?s principles and advancing equity, diversity and inclusion principles at the university of windsor. office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) ? formed in 2010. part of its mandate is to manage and deliver the university?s employment equity program. an employment equity multi-year plan defines, articulates and communicates its employment equity mandate. (http://www.uwindsor.ca/ohrea/). presidential committee on employment equity (pcee) ? accountable to the president of the university, pcee monitors the entire hiring process and employment equity procedures of canada research chairs, regular faculty and academic administrative appointments and reviews procedural irregularities. appointments and search committees must obtain pcee approval for the position job advertisement, the shortlisted candidates and the recommended crc candidates. employment equity/procedural assessors (ee/pa) ? equity assessors monitor and ensure that each crc (and regular faculty) search committee follows procedures in fairness and equity. equity assessors attend all search committee meetings (non-voting) and reviews materials from any of the search committees. all crc search committees must have an equity assessor that will ensure the recruitment and hiring processes are done in an equitable and fair manner. additional information related to the role of the employment equity/procedures assessor can be found in appendix h and appendix i. president?s committee on diversity and inclusion (pcdi) ? the chair of the committee is the president of the university. pcdi provides campus-wide leadership in the planning and approval of employment equity and accessibility policies and programs. the committee provides strategic leadership for employment equity and accessibility throughout the university community. employment equity coordinating committee (eecc) ? this committee works toward coordinating employment equity with the employer and employee groups at the university of windsor. the committee is chaired by the executive director of ohrea and is made up of representatives from each bargaining unit on campus and an equal number of representatives from administration. review committee on employment equity (rcee) ? the rcee is chaired by the executive director of ohrea and is responsible for: (a) identifying where there is a serious under-representation of members of the designated groups in any administrative academic unit (aau) and/or library; (b) recommending reasonable goals and timetables for hiring by any aau and/or library where serious under-representation of members of the designated groups exists, and (c) reviewing action taken within the university to achieve the hiring goals recommended by the rcee. the committee composition is two representatives from wufa and two administrative positions and terms of reference are defined in the faculty collective agreement. status of women diversity and equity committee (swdeac) ? swdeac is a standing committee of wufa and works on strategies for achieving equity and equality in the university community. this committee investigates ways and means by which women, racial minorities or those with disabilities have been or may be treated unfairly. the committee also makes recommendations to the contract committee, executive committee, and other committees of the wufa relating to issues of employment equity. departmental equity committees ? various units on campus have established their own equity committees that work independently, and have the goal of ensuring equitable, diverse and inclusive practices are in place within their respective departments. edi awards research office invites nominations recognizing student leaders in equity, diversity, and inclusion in research in 2020 the office of research and innovation services (oris) recognized two student researchers and leaders working in stem fields for their exemplary work on equity, diversity, and inclusion (edi) on campus at the university of windsor. we received many excellent nominations, and as a result, in 2021 oris will be expanding the award to recognize four student leaders across all disciplines. each of these four awards is valued at $500/recipient. what makes a student researcher a leader in edi on campus? you may wish to nominate a student who is: conducting research that increases of topics such as inclusiveness, anti-racism, accessibility, indigenization, and social justice causes; leading their peers through on-campus or virtual activities that support the pursuit of edi goals; connecting research to diverse communities through education, outreach, and engagement; acting as an excellent colleague and role model to their peers by integrating edi practices into research environments; incorporating research methodologies that include edi principles; contributing to a more equitable, diverse, and inclusive research environment within the uwindsor campus community; these are just some examples ? edi principles and practices are all around us on campus, and oris welcomes all nominations that highlight great things being accomplished by our students. the office of research and innovation services wishes to recognize and thank the guest speakers who have participated in their 2021 edi workshop series, whose support has been essential to both the development of these awards and the improvement of equity, diversity, and inclusion in research on campus. guest speakers have included dr. lisa willis, university of alberta, dr. nicole kaniki, university of toronto, and dr. jay dolmage, university of waterloo. oris is also grateful to our uwindsor colleagues who have helped make the 2021 edi workshop series possible: dr. lisa porter, biomedical sciences, dr. adrian guta, school of social work, dr. andrew allen, education, and cherie gagnon, ohrea. nominations for the student leadership award for equity, diversity and inclusion in research are being collected via qualtrics, and are due by november 5, 2021, at 4:30pm. questions or inquiries can be directed to oris@uwindsor.ca. nominate a student past awards: student equity, diversity, and inclusion in research awards for 2021 campus contacts and resources contacts for implementation of equity, diversity and inclusion agenda in research dr. k.w. michael siu vice-president, research & innovation 150 joyce entrepreneurship centre 519-253-3000, ext. 3925 vpri@uwindsor.ca ms. heather pratt executive director, research & innovation 150 joyce entrepreneurship centre 519-253-3000, ext. 3917 hpratt@uwindsor.ca ms. kate rosser-davies research facilitator, research & innovation 150 joyce entrepreneurship centre 519-253-3000, ext. 3919 krdavies@uwindsor.ca contacts for inquiries related to the faculty collective agreement, or by-laws and policies governing faculty ms. iva gentcheva executive assistant to the provost and vice-president, academic assumption hall 519-252-3000, ext. 2003 ivag@uwindsor.ca contacts for general inquiries or concerns related to equity, diversity & inclusion ms. kaye johnson director, office of human rights, equity & accessibility 325 chrysler hall tower 519-253-3000, ext. 2056 ohrea@uwindsor.ca ms. diane luu-hoang employment equity & human rights manager office of human rights, equity & accessibility 325 chrysler hall tower 519-253-3000, ext. 2057 d.luu-hoang@uwindsor.ca office of human rights, equity, and accessibility dimensions charter the bystander initiative president's committee on diversity and inclusion if you need help crafting an edi statement on an application, or would like to learn more about implementing edi best practices in your lab, please contact your research coordinator to access supports available through oris! other resources gender-based analysis (gba+) canada research chairs unconscious bias training module the tri-agency directory of edi resources on-demand edi resources from the office of research and innovation services share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
