https://www.who.int/publications/i/item/9789240029200
ethics and governance of artificial intelligence for health
 global regions who regional websites africa americas south-east asia europe eastern mediterranean western pacific when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. select language select language english ??????? ?? fran?ais ??????? espa?ol portugu?s home health topics all topics ? a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z resources ? fact sheets facts in pictures multimedia publications questions & answers tools and toolkits popular ? coronavirus disease (covid-19) ebola virus disease air pollution hepatitis top 10 causes of death world health assembly ? countries all countries ? a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z regions ? africa americas south-east asia europe eastern mediterranean western pacific who in countries ? statistics cooperation strategies ukraine emergency ukraine emergency ? who / blink media - brendan hoffman ? credits newsroom all news ? news releases statements campaigns commentaries events feature stories speeches spotlights newsletters photo library media distribution list headlines ? timeline: who's covid-19 response ? emergencies focus on ? afghanistan crisis covid-19 pandemic northern ethiopia crisis syria crisis ukraine emergency latest ? disease outbreak news travel advice situation reports weekly epidemiological record who in emergencies ? surveillance research funding partners operations independent oversight and advisory committee health emergency dashboard ? who ? credits data data at who ? global health estimates health sdgs mortality triple billion targets data collections dashboards ? covid-19 dashboard triple billion dashboard health equity monitor mortality highlights ? global health observatory score insights and visualizations data collection tools reports world health statistics 2021 ? who ? credits about who about who ? people teams structure partnerships collaborating centres networks, committees and advisory groups transformation our work ? general programme of work who academy activities initiatives funding ? assessed contributions flexible funding who foundation accountability ? audit budget financial statements programme budget portal results report governance ? world health assembly executive board election of director-general governing bodies website home/ publications/ i/ item/ ethics and governance of artificial intelligence for health - select language - ??????? ?? fran?ais ??????? espa?ol portugu?s ethics and governance of artificial intelligence for health who guidance 28 june 2021 | guideline download (1.9 mb) overview the who guidance on ethics & governance of artificial intelligence for health is the product of eighteen months of deliberation amongst leading experts in ethics, digital technology, law, human rights, as well as experts from ministries of health. while new technologies that use artificial intelligence hold great promise to improve diagnosis, treatment, health research and drug development and to support governments carrying out public health functions, including surveillance and outbreak response, such technologies, according to the report, must put ethics and human rights at the heart of its design, deployment, and use. the report identifies the ethical challenges and risks with the use of artificial intelligence of health, six consensus principles to ensure ai works to the public benefit of all countries. it also contains a set of recommendations that can ensure the governance of artificial intelligence for health maximizes the promise of the technology and holds all stakeholders ? in the public and private sector ? accountable and responsive to the healthcare workers who will rely on these technologies and the communities and individuals whose health will be affected by its use. read more global health ethics big data and artificial intelligence who team health ethics & governance editors world health organization number of pages 150 reference numbers isbn: 9789240029200 copyright regions africa americas eastern mediterranean europe south-east asia western pacific policies cyber security ethics permissions and licensing preventing sexual exploitation terms of use about us careers library procurement publications frequently asked questions contact us subscribe to our newsletters privacy legal notice ? 2022 who
