https://collections.uwindsor.ca/page/exhibition-index
exhibition index ? centre for digital scholarship ? collections centre for digital scholarship search exhibition index exhibition index: student work exhibition index breaking the colour barrier breaking the colour barrier: tells the story of wilfred "boomer" harding & the chatham coloured all-stars, who in 1934 became the first black baseball team to win a provincial ontario baseball amateur association championship. iainbaxter&raisonne the iainbaxter&raisonne is an experimental electronic collection, virtual exhibition platform and research environment devoted to the life's work of internationally-active canadian conceptual artist iain baxter& that seeks to expand and transform the catalogue raisonn? format into a collaborative scholarly communications and learning zone. developed by adam lauder in partnership with iain baxter&, louise chance baxter, and an interdisciplinary team of scholars. metropolitan school of nursing archive these archival "scrapbooks" render the life of the metropolitan school of nursing from its founding in 1954 until the transition that saw all hospital-based ontario nursing education moved to the community colleges in the early 1970s. michael chekhov: the actor is the theatre michael chekhov: the actor is the theatre is a digital exhibition featuring an archive of approximately 3,600 typewritten pages documenting michael chekhov?s work with the chekhov theatre studio. rampike rampike was a literary magazine published by coach house press from 1979 until 2015. over the years, rampike featured numerous prize-winning and ground-breaking artists and writers, including nominees and winners of awards such as the booker, commonwealth, pulitzer, giller, and governor general?s award. spanish republic of letters the spanish republic of letters project is a nascent catalog of the correspondence and private library collections of 16th century spanish humanists. the nisei farm camps of southwestern ontario this site is dedicated to the hundreds of nisei who worked as farm labourers while separated from their families. the north was our canaan: exploring sandwich town's underground railroad history the north was our canaan takes us along the banks of the detroit river, through the streets of sandwich, to end up at sandwich first baptist church, a congregation whose roots extend back to the 1820s. wedighistory in this canada150 project, windsor-essex's rich and complex history will be explored through images ? photographic and geophysical ? collected with and through our communities, and then curated and displayed on uwindsor?s digital history project website. windsor: ontario's gretna green from about 1885-1913, windsor and neighbouring sandwich became a haven for couples from the united states looking for quick and discreet weddings. they came by ferry from detroit and places further afield, e.g. toledo and cleveland, purchased a license, were directed to the clergyman of their choice, who then married them in short order, with few questions asked. windsor and essex county became known as ontario?s gretna green. see also: exhibition index: student work next
