https://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/1421/extension-request-faqs-april-2022-end-term
extension request & faqs for april 2022 end-of-term | residence skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students residence residence in this section about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates uwindsor home residence extension request & faqs for april 2022 end-of-term extension request & faqs for april 2022 end-of-term important dates last day of winter classes april 18th, 2022 no overnight guest allowed april 18th, 2022 to april 30th, 2022 quiet hours/relaxed hours quiet hours april 18th, 2022 from 11:00 pm to april 30nd, 2022 at 7:00 pm quiet hour violation charge is $50 relaxed hour is from 8:00 pm to 9:00 pm exam dates april 20th to april 29th, 2022 end of contract april 22th, 2022, but due to the extended winter 2022 term students will be allowed to stay until april 30th, 2022, without additional fees need to stay past end of contract date ? fill in an extension form online extension request form at https://uwindsor.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/sv_0pm8zbuatfh75gd for april 2022 end of term www.uwindsor.ca/residence under forms and documents deadline date: march 21, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. ? late request charge $100 late fee approved or denied emails will be sent to your uwin email address charges academic reason ? $30/day or $140/week non-academic reason ? $50/day staying in residence between semesters ? $30/day or $140/week in residence without an approved extension - $125 fine + applicable extension fee move out procedures what you have to do? you must use an express check out envelope for your returning keys when you are leaving residence. these envelopes can be found in the lobby of your building in the black mailbox by the student mailboxes. drop the envelope in the outgoing mail slot below the black mailbox. note: charges will be posted to your uwinsite account if keys are not returned upon departure. when do i need to leave? all students are required to check out of their residence room with a staff member no later than 24 hours after your last exam or by april 30, 2022 whichever comes first those who have submitted an extension request form may sign out according to their approved final date there will be a $125 fine for students who have not vacated their room by their move-out date please contact resservices@uwindsor.ca to confirm your move-out date if you are unsure. what happens to any items left behind? items left behind are assumed left to be donated. charges may apply for removal of items. items you would like to store? residence does not provide on-site storage. students who are returning to residence in september 2022 will need to contact a local storage facility. what happens to my mail? students need to have their mail forwarded, it will not be held. packages will be held for two weeks and then returned to sender. don?t forget to! empty the garbage and recycling containers empty and clean your refrigerator, do not unplug! carefully, remove tape form ceilings, walls and doors return furniture to the original position close your windows and lock your door! share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
