https://www.uwindsor.ca/faculty/recruitment/faculty-postings
faculty postings available | faculty recruitment skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty recruitment faculty recruitment academic positions academic positions executive searches faculty positions available online faculty application president's indigenous peoples scholars program research and post-doctoral fellow positions sessional job postings academic positions executive searches faculty positions available online faculty application president's indigenous peoples scholars program research and post-doctoral fellow positions sessional job postings uwindsor home faculty recruitment academic positions faculty postings available faculty postings available internal call to members of the faculty of education for applications for the position of associate dean, graduate studies and research please apply directly to the dean. internal call to members of the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences for nominations and applications for the position of associate dean, student experience, and interdisciplinary studies please apply directly to the chair. internal call to members of the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences for nominations and applications for the position of associate dean, research and graduate studies please apply directly to the chair. canada excellence research chair ? automotive engineering for the future 002399tt-2023-crceng internal call to members of the faculty of engineering for nominations and applications for the position of associate dean, professional programs please apply directly to the chair. internal call for nominations and applications for the position of director, school of computer science please apply directly to the dean permanence-track e-resources librarian - leddy library 002366tt-2022-led internal call for applications for the position of associate university librarian please apply directly to the chair. internal call for nominations and applications for the position of associate dean of science ? undergraduate affairs please apply directly to the dean internal call for nominations and applications for the position of department head, sociology and criminology please apply directly to the chair. the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomie. the university of windsor is a comprehensive research and teaching institution with more than 16,000 students. we are a welcoming community committed to equity, diversity, inclusion, and accessibility in our teaching, learning, and work environments. in pursuit of the university's employment equity plan, members from the designated groups (women, indigenous/aboriginal (first nations, m?tis, inuit) persons, racialized persons/visible minorities, persons with disabilities, and persons of a minority sexual orientation and/or gender identity) are encouraged to apply and to self-identify. if you need an accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the faculty recruitment coordinator (recruit@uwindsor.ca). should you require further information on accommodation, please visit the website of the office of human rights, equity & accessibility (www.uwindsor.ca/ohrea). all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. essentials: a-z list of campus services | acronyms | campus map | emergencies | faq | find a person | important dates | important forms | policies, procedures & bylaws | workshops & campus events note: this site is a living document, the goal of which is to improve, in some small way, the working lives of university of windsor faculty. we are eager to collaborate with the campus community to better this service over time. if you can identify any knowledge gaps, missing resources, or outdated or erroneous information on this site, please contact iva gentcheva, senior adminstrative officer, without hesitation. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
