https://www.uwindsor.ca/nursing/538/faculty-nursing-nurses-respond-covid-19
faculty of nursing-nurses respond to covid-19 | faculty of nursing skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us faculty of nursing in this section dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links uwindsor home faculty of nursing faculty of nursing-nurses respond to covid-19 faculty of nursing-nurses respond to covid-19 a salute to nursing. see how our local nurses are responding to covid-19. dana menard, kendall soucie, laurie freeman and jody ralph study the impact covid-19 has on nurses' health and well-being in border cities. read the article below: dana menard (faculty of science; pi), kendall soucie (psychology, co-applicant), laurie freeman (nursing; collaborator) and jody ralph (nursing; collaborator). their application ?the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on nurses' health and well-being in a border city" to the we-spark igniting discovery covid-19 rapid response competition has been granted support of $9,946 co-funded by the we-spark health institute ($4,973) and the office of the vice-president, research and innovation ($4,973). project description: previous studies have shown that nurses working in hospitals during pandemics may face significant stress due to concerns about their own and their families? health and safety, high patient mortality rates, ethical challenges associated with patient care and perceived unsafe working conditions. however, the unique experiences of rns working in border cities and facing different health care systems with different responses to the covid-19 pandemic is unknown. the purpose of this investigation is to explore windsor rns? experiences of working in hospitals on both sides of the border during the pandemic through in-depth interviews. results will allow us to identify significant mental health challenges and find ways to support their recovery and resilience during and after the crisis.https://www.wesparkhealth.com/projects-17/the-impact-of-the-covid-19-pandemic-on-nurses-health-and-well-being-in-a-border-city research study highlighted on am800 dana menard is interviewed on am800 for research she and her colleagues, kendall soucie, jody ralph and laurie freeman are conducting on nurses who work in windsor compared to those who live in windsor and work in detroit. have a listen on https://www.iheartradio.ca/am800/audio/the-aternoon-news-impact-on-nurses-during-the-pandemic-1.12751336?mode=article researchers' article published in the conversation, finds nurses need more than praise to cope with pandemic please visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2020-08-25/nurses-need-more-praise-cope-pandemic-say-professors to discover more information and insight into how our frontline workers cope and the effects this pandemic has had on their day to day lives. you can find the link to the article "heroes, or just doing our job? the impact of covid-19 on registered nurses in a border city" through our daily news link above. university of windsor faculty of nursing professor dr. kate kemplin leads the fight against covid-19 in nyc. https://www.queensu.ca/gazette/alumnireview/stories/what-nurses-do https://windsorstar.com/news/local-news/uwindsor-nursing-prof-leads-frontline-charge-against-covid-19-in-nyc/wcm/ce5df640-95a3-4609-9394-df70c794f3bd/ https://windsor.ctvnews.ca/windsor-nursing-professor-answers-call-to-help-new-york-field-hospital-1.4919461 university of windsor professor leads the charge to utilize recent graduates on the frontlines. in spring 2020, windsor regional hospital hired approximately 90 third and fourth-year university of windsor nursing students as unlicensed nursing employees (unes). the unes are assisting the staff nurses as needed on various units, including the intensive care unit and emergency department. a recognized area of need was the completion of 12-lead ecg?s on the afternoon and midnight shifts. usually, respiratory therapists would need to take the time to complete the ecgs. dr. debbie rickeard developed an online educational program for the unes on how to complete a 12- lead ecg. once they completed the educational material, dr. rickeard tested the students using a skill checklist that she had also developed. before they can independently complete ecgs, the unes will be observed by a staff member on the unit. this is a great learning opportunity for the unes and frees up the respiratory therapists to respond to other patient care needs. staff nurse, with an interest in learning how to complete ecgs were also welcomed to attend the sessions. the faculty of nursing recognizes and thanks dr. debbie rickeard in her contribution to safe patient care in this uncertain time. a study by u of w associate professor, dr. kathryn pfaff reveals discrimination against nurses commuting to their jobs in michigan dr. kathy pfaff studies the stigma associated with nurses working in michigan hospitals on obtaining healthcare services in windsor. to read more visit https://windsorstar.com/news/local-news/uofw-study-reveals/wcm/d30f7b8e-277a-4328-88c3-edce81364206/ congratulations to dr. edward cruz! university of windsor and hotel dieu grace hospital partner on study of caring for caregivers. please read the full article https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2020-11-06/university-and-h%c3%b4tel-dieu-grace-healthcare-partner-study-caring-caregivers nursing students stepping up to help! the faculty of nursing would like to recognize some of our nursing students who participated in the flu vaccine clinic day on campus, wednesday november 11. the coordinators of the event truly appreciated having our student nurses and peer mentors: drew mclenaghan, allison mack, amna odeh and karlie stam on hand helping at our flu vaccine clinic day! they went on to say, that although they did not fully utilize their nursing skills, having them greet, screen and direct each of our patients was needed to satisfy safety protocols and contributed a great deal to our patients? confidence in the process. thank you drew, alli, amna and karlie and the physicians, nurses and staff at student health services! one of our own hears the call to help! university of windsor year 3 student kaitlyn mccarthy shares her experiences as a summer student with the covid-19 assessment team at erie shores healthcare. to find out more about kaitlyn's experiences, please visit https://rnj.rnao.ca/news. as covid-19 cases soar, university of windsor nursing student, bailey zilliges and university of windsor clinical instructor, james daabous, continue to fight the battle. james daabous and bailey zilliges are shown treating a covid patient during their shift. please read the full article in the windsor star alana ruggaber, u of w nursing graduate begins her nursing career in the throws of a pandemic. recent graduate, alana ruggaber explains what life is like for a nurse treating patients on the covid floor of wrh. read her story here. vaccine clinic for the indigenous population in windsor-essex being run by university of windsor graduate student sara williams. sara williams heads up the vaccine rollout for the windsor-essex indigenous community at the st. clair college sportsplex. read her story here. share tweet save tweets by uwinnursing share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
