https://www.uwindsor.ca/research-ethics-board/307/faculty-staff-students
faculty, staff & students | research ethics board skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students research ethics board research ethics board forms welcome metrics at a glance review process review dates policies forms faculty, staff & students h?tel-dieu grace healthcare windsor regional hospital community partners research participants tri-council policy statement 2 (2018) education and resources clinical trials contact us at the reb welcome metrics at a glance review process review dates policies forms faculty, staff & students h?tel-dieu grace healthcare windsor regional hospital community partners research participants tri-council policy statement 2 (2018) education and resources clinical trials contact us at the reb uwindsor home research ethics board forms faculty, staff & students faculty, staff & students you have reached this page because you are a researcher associated with the university of windsor. protocol submissions - forms please use the most current version of application forms. these links will always contain the most current version. along with one paper copy, with original signatures, please submit an electronic version to ethics@uwindsor.ca. application form (faculty/student) secondary use of data application form secondary use of data supplement health form administrative application form partial release of funds form pool screener form request to revise application form progress report form final report form adverse or unanticipated event report form upload research summaries online research checklist (the new application form incorporates the questions from the on-line checklist and is no longer necessary if using the new form) which forms do i complete? please contact the reb if you think your project may be exempt from reb review. the following forms may also be required part conducting on-line research online research checklist (the new application form incorporates the questions from the on-line checklist and is no longer necessary if using the new form) requiring a partial release of funding associated with the project partial release of funds form utlizing the university of windsor psychology participant pool pool screener form participant pool manual requesting changes to a protocol request to revise application form reporting an unanticipated or adverse event adverse or unanticipated event report form monitoring of ongoing research progress report form reporting concluding research final report form principal investigators or co-principal investigators from other institutions if you are a principal investigator from the university of windsor with co-investigators from other institutions you must submit your reb application for clearance to the university of windsor reb first. if the co-pis require clearance at their home institutions, then this should be sought after receiving conditional clearance from the university of windsor reb. please ensure all clearance letters from other institutions are forwarded to ethics@uwindsor.ca for your file. if you are a university of windsor co-investigator or collaborator on a project where the primary investigator is from another institution you must submit the final version of the cleared application, all appendices and the clearance letter from the host institution to the university of windsor reb for executive review and clearance. this must be done prior to data collection commencing. if you are a primary investigator from another institution collecting data at the university of windsor you must receive university of windsor reb clearance if you intend to collect data with faculty, staff or students or utilize campus resources (i.e. email system). please submit the final version of your cleared application, all appendices and the clearance letter from your host institution to the university of windsor reb. this must be done prior to data collection commencing. using uwindsor email for recruiting research participants if you want to utilize the university of windsor email system for recruiting participants, here are the following pathways you are required to follow: the university of windsor has a policy regarding the use of mass emails. http://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/633/sending-mass-e-mail if you wish to recruit faculty or staff and are sending an administrative survey, please see the following link for applying to institutional analysis for approval. http://www.uwindsor.ca/institutional-analysis/administrative-survey-policy the reb can provide conditional clearance for researchers awaiting permissions. windsor regional hospital if you are conducting research at windsor regional hospital further information can be found here. sworp funded researchers if you are sworp funded, further information can be found here. research summaries/feedback to participants provide feedback to participants through the uwindsor reb web application note: starting november 2017, research summaries will be hosted at scholarship@uwindsor.ca. view research summaries contact the uwindsor office of research ethics if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. office of research ethics university of windsor 401 sunset avenue, 2146 chrysler hall north windsor, on n9b 3p4 (519) 253-3000 ext 3948 ethics@uwindsor.ca share tweet save announcements & presentations new tcps2: core-2022 training information updated resumption of research framework consent addendum for covid appendix ?j? ? university of windsor research ethics board research with human participants under covid-19 restrictions new reb application form new u of w psychology participant pool manual tcps2 (2018) published august 15, 2019 tcps2 (2018) ?guidance on how to address material incidental findings.? tri-council policy statement 2 (tcps2) resources tcps 2 (2018) - public consultation 2021 - eptc 2 (2018) - consultation publique 2021 tcps2 (2018) edition (on-line) tcps2 (2018) edition (.pdf) tcps2 2018 highlights of changes (on-line) tcps2 online tutorial: course on research ethics (core) 2022 resources review dates office of research innovation services recruiting via mass email at the university of windsor are you thinking about participating in a study? research summaries research summaries for participants upload research summaries issues in research ethics statement from careb-accer's board of directors on anti-black racism research integrity and societal trust in research conserve 2021 statement walking together - applying for ocap clinical research in resource limited settings ethics and governance of artificial intelligence for health retraction watch: ethical challenges of consent for case studies justice, diversity, and research ethics review impact ethics: ensuring the integrity of clinical research- urging research ethics boards to be more proactive in their oversight responsibility archived issues in research ethics share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
