https://www.uwindsor.ca/parking-services/298/faculty-staff-permits
faculty & staff permits | parking services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students parking services parking services parking on campus parking on campus students faculty & staff temporary closure visitors accessible parking parking for downtown campus parking regulations appeal procedure ask a question campus map parking on campus students faculty & staff temporary closure visitors accessible parking parking for downtown campus parking regulations appeal procedure ask a question campus map uwindsor home parking services parking on campus faculty & staff permits faculty & staff permits winter - return to campus as part of the winter 2022 return to campus, all parking lot operations will resume for faculty, staff, students and visitors . permits are pro-rated for the current permit year and valid to june 30, 2022. current parking patrons have the option to maintain or suspend their parking permit. if maintaining, the annual permit will be automatically renewed by payroll deductions if you qualified previously for this option. monthly payments of $84.56 (hst included). if parking permit is suspended/cancelled:parking on-campus is available in any of university pay and display lots or the parking garage, on a first come, first serve basis. rate is $2.00 per hour to a maximum of $10.00 per day in campus parking lots. parking will not be permitted in any faculty and staff parking lot without an annual permit. all previous hangtags expire and are no longer valid effective september 1st. benefits of annual parking permit cost savings convenient location convenience of payroll deduction, avoid daily parking fee payment guaranteed parking lot faq what is the cost of a parking permit for 2021/2022? permits will be pro-rated to reflect the free parking for the summer months. the cost of a parking permit for faculty/staff on campus for september 1st, 2021, to june 30th, 2022, is $845.80 or $84.58 (hst included) how many days do i need to be on campus for my annual permit to be cost-effective? 2.5 days per week or approximately 9 days per month. if i cancel my parking permit can i continue to park in my assigned permit location? no, on-campus parking is available in any of our pay and display lots on a first come first serve basis. (see map for details and locations). how much will it cost per day to park on-campus without an annual permit? $2.00 per hour to a maximum of $10.00 per day. if i give up my parking permit, will i permanently lose my assigned lot? not necessarily, you have until may 31, 2022, to decide on whether you wish to renew your annual permit. if you do not renew by that date, your space in the particular location will be reassigned to the next person on the waiting list. if you decide after this date to acquire a permit, you will be put on a waiting list if the lot has no space. if i maintain my permit, and then change my mind after september, can i suspend/cancel then? yes. the parking permit and gate access (if applicable) will need to be turned into the parking services office. once this is received, cancellation will occur, and payroll deductions will be suspended for the next run depending on timing. if i cancel my annual permit, may i re-instate the permit at a later date? yes, you can reinstate your permit after the initial cancellation by contacting the parking services office at parking@uwindsor.ca and requesting to reinstate the permit. you will receive information regarding receiving a new parking permit hangtag/gate access card (if applicable). if i maintain my permit and want to move lots may i do so at this time? if you request is for an over subscribed lot such as assumption or leddy, you will have to wait until may 31, 2022, to see if anyone gives up their permit permanently. we are not accomodating any moves at this time. please add yourself to the waiting list below if you would like to be considered for a move at a later date. where do you want to park for 2021 / 2022? add yourself to the preferred parking waiting list purchase a permit please complete the faculty and staff parking application (.pdf) and return it to the campus parking services office, joyce entrepreneurship centre - room #106. parking rates for 2021 / 2022 academic year (all prices include hst) parking period: per year faculty & staff lots including garage: $1015.00 parking period: per academic year faculty & staff lots including garage: n/a* remote lot: n/a* parking period: per month faculty & staff lots including garage: n/a* remote lot: n/a* parking period: per week faculty & staff lots including garage: n/a* remote lot: n/a* parking period: per weekend faculty & staff lots including garage: n/a* remote lot: n/a* parking period: summer pass (may - august) faculty & staff lots including garage: n/a* remote lot: n/a* * in order for faculty and staff to obtain space in a reserved lot it is required that faculty and staff purchase an entire year permit. faculty and staff parking application (.pdf) contact campus parking services if you have any parking related questions, please contact our office. we are located at: campus parking services joyce entrepreneurship centre, 1st floor (519) 253-3000 ext. 2413 parking@uwindsor.ca office hours: monday - friday 8:00am to 4:00pm share tweet save visitor parking in garage: enter from sunset avenue, south of wyandotte street share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
