http://www.uwindsor.ca/education/winter-2022
faculty of education winter 2022 | faculty of education skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of education faculty of education in this section pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries uwindsor home faculty of education faculty of education winter 2022 faculty of education winter 2022 december 17, 2021 dear faculty members, sessional instructors, and practicum advisors, following today?s announcement from dr. rob gordon and dr. patti weir (https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/476/important-announcement-winter-2022-semester), we wish to provide additional clarity about the winter semester for the faculty of education. b.ed. courses for all pre-service students in the first or second year of their b.ed. program (concurrent year 3 and 5/ consecutive year 1 and 2) the start date for classes remains as originally planned: monday, january 3, 2022. the last day of classes also remains the same, march 11, 2022, and there is no change to the scheduled reading week break (february 21-25) or practicum calendar. however, all b.ed. courses, including those scheduled as face-to-face, will now begin the winter semester as online classes. in consultation with local health authorities, we will plan for face-to-face courses to begin when it is safe to do so. we will provide at least two weeks advance notice regarding the return to face-to-face delivery for these courses, but the earliest date for a return will be january 31st, 2022, consistent with the university of windsor plan. all concurrent students in the undergraduate years of their concurrent program will begin on january 17, 2022 and follow the revised schedule determined by the university. this applies to education courses educ 1199, educ 2299, and educ 3399, which will be delivered online for the duration of the winter semester. molt courses all molt courses scheduled for the winter 2022 semester will be delivered as online courses for the duration of the semester. the revised start date for the winter semester is january 17 and the revised last day of classes is april 18. there is no change to the scheduled reading week break (february 21-25). graduate courses all graduate courses scheduled for the winter 2022 semester, including those planned for face-to-face delivery, will now begin the semester as online classes. the revised start date for the winter semester is january 17 and the revised last day of classes is april 18. there is no change to the scheduled reading week break (february 21-25). in consultation with local health authorities, we will plan for face-to-face courses to begin when it is safe to do so. we will provide at least two weeks advance notice regarding the return to face-to-face delivery for these courses, but the earliest date for a return will be january 31st, 2022, consistent with the university of windsor plan. thank you for your patience and understanding as the university of windsor navigates the complex context of the pandemic with a priority on health and safety. share tweet save important links associate teacher resources career news for teacher candidates ontario ministry of education curriculum teaching resources why uwindsor? service learning for b.ed. students beginning time teachings leadership experience for academic direction mile urban education reciprocal learning program vulnerability, marginalization, and education alumni assumption teacher honoured by university of chicago award to recognize grad for 35 years as an educator uwindsor grad awarded prime minister?s award for teaching excellence experiencing the overseas classroom teaching abroad teaching under the northern lights education outside the classroom teach for canada - one student's experience share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
