https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/423/faculty-teaching-and-learning
faculty - teaching & learning | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for faculty return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty teaching & learning classroom seating protocols campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty teaching & learning classroom seating protocols campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for faculty faculty - teaching & learning faculty - teaching & learning the university of windsor is excited for the return of campus spirit, community and activities. our return remains gradual and flexible with a continued focus on health and safety. health & safety requirements and expected behaviours in the face-to-face classroom revised - december 22, 2021 in-class instruction guidelines to protect against covid-19 revised - december 22, 2021 respectful engagement: following campus rules for covid-19 revised - december 22, 2021 addressing ongoing concerns around student or staff refusal to wear a mask or follow safety protocol (flowchart)revised - december 22, 2021 keeping our campus community safe: a guide for staff revised - december 21, 2021 courses will be delivered in a variety of formats including face-to-face, online, hybrid and hy-flex. for a detailed description of each format, review the overview of course delivery modes document. teaching and learning takes place in a variety of forms. class size, format (lecture vs. labs), student population and facilities are just a few of the many factors uwindsor faculties have taken into account to determine course delivery modes. uwindsor is committed to a flexible and safe approach while maximizing on-campus opportunities. uwindsor's teaching online site is an excellent resource to introduce you to principles and practices focused on effective teaching and course design along with the specific tools and technologies that you can use to teach online. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
