https://www.uwindsor.ca/fahss/1165/fahss-events
fahss and campus events | faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss uwindsor home faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences fahss and campus events fahss and campus events april 2022 soca student solo recitals dates between april 1st and april 10th, enjoy eight different solo recitals featuring 3rd year and graduating soca music majors and their accompanists. styles range from classical piano, violin, flute and clarinet, to jazz/pop ensembles showcasing piano, bass and percussion! all performances are live and in person in the soca performance hall. all attendees must follow all uwindsor health and safety policias, including being vaccinated and wearing masks. complete details [weblink] https://www.uwindsor.ca/music/324/credited-recitals april 6, 1:00 - 1:50pm creative writing information session hosted by susan holbrook and anna karch all engl majors, fahss undergraduates, and any students at the university of windsor are invited to attend! everyone is welcome! ! ! wednesday, april 6, 1:00-1:50 dillon hall ? rm #254 you?re invited to an information session: ?how to prepare and submit an engl-2710 portfolio application? and informal q&a about creative writing classes at the university of windsor. if you are interested in joining the creative-writing-major stream, or simply interested in taking one or two creative writing courses during your undergraduate years, please come to the information session to: get background on our wonderful and varied courses, to meet other creative students, to get a jump on next year?s application. bring your questions about: ? how we admit students into cw classes ? what professors expect in 2710 ? how to prepare a portfolio ? what range of courses we offer every year ? overview of weekly cw classes ? what sorts of writing you will look at and critique ? how to critique during a workshop seminar ? creative writing enrichment beyond the workshop classes soca mfa group exhibition: april 9 - 14, 2022 closing reception: tuesday, april 12, 2:30-4:30pm. open to the general public. soca gallery. hours of operations: monday - thursday, 9:00am - 4:00pm attention: in order to visit the gallery, all visitors must adhere to return to campus guidelines noted here: https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/339/self-assessment-questionnaire curatorial statement the university of windsor?s school of creative arts is pleased to present traces, a master of fine arts (mfa) student exhibition. the show features the multidisciplinary works of the graduate students in the 2022 mfa program: jules pietras, daniela gonzales, lyndsay mckay, nate talbot, nathalie dubois calero and steve rose. throughout the exhibit, the artist?s works are anchored through their particular ability to describe and convey a sense of ?trace?. whether referring to an indexical relationship with the subject represented, or referencing an identifiable location, or one that is conceptual and abstract, the artists hand over the highest value to the exploration of material, including its own sense of time and place, interactions, agencies, and histories. the collection encourages the viewer to contemplate ? or decipher ? the context in which ideas of ?trace? extend to one another, connecting through themes of death, loss and absence, magic, sustainability, domesticity, memory and recollection. soca student ensemble concerts friday, april 8, 7:30 uwindsor jazz cabaret featuring the university jazz ensemble mr. robert fazecash, director alumni auditorium, caw student centre the jazz cabaret in the student centre?s alumni auditorium on friday, april 8, will feature the university jazz ensemble directed by robert fazecash and fronted by voice students in the studio of shahida nurullah. the event gets underway at 7:30 p.m. for the ticket price of $25, $15 for students, patrons will enjoy a plate of appetizers and cash bar. reserve seats online at https://forms.office.com/r/hyt7naxkdt and pay by credit card only at the door. https://www.uwindsor.ca/music/596/uwindsor-jazz-cabaret tuesday, april 12, 2:30pm luminous flux ii sound works, video installation + video mapping noiseborder ensemble free event featuring: idriss askour, daniela gonzalez mantilla, and nathalie dubois calero location: alan wildeman centre for creative arts, multimedia studio, 2:30-4:30pm www.uwindsor.ca/visualarts_nmpl/509/luminous-flux-ii friday, april 22, 7:30pm university wind ensemble in concert mr. trevor pittman, director capitol theatre, 121 university ave. west trevor pittman will direct the university wind ensemble at 7:30 p.m. friday, april 22, at the capitol theatre. tickets are $20 general admission and $10 for students, available from the capitol theatre box office. https://www.uwindsor.ca/music/597/uwindsor-wind-ensemble-concert saturday, april 23, 7:30pm university of windsor choirs dr. bruce j. g. kotowich, director capitol theatre, 121 university ave., west bruce kotowich will direct the university singers at 7:30 p.m. saturday, april 23, at the capitol theatre. tickets are $20 general admission and $10 for students, available from the capitol theatre box office. https://www.uwindsor.ca/music/598/university-choirs-spring-concert updated: march 31, 2022 file attachments: attachment creative_writing_information_session.pdf share tweet save events in fahss stitch 'n bitch fri, 04/08/2022 - 14:00 speaker series apr.8 fri, 04/08/2022 - 15:00 uwindsor jazz cabaret fri, 04/08/2022 - 19:30 mfa group show - traces mon, 04/11/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - traces tue, 04/12/2022 - 09:00 more fahss twitter feed tweets by uwinfahss share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
