https://www.uwindsor.ca/fahss/1162/fahss-awesome
fahss is awesome | faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss uwindsor home faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences fahss is awesome fahss is awesome fahss faculty and students in the news ... event to launch book challenging neutrality of psychiatric chart march 31, 2022 psychiatric charts reflect institutional ideology that reinforces gendered, raced, sexualized, and classed norms, values, and presuppositions, says merrick pilling. a professor of women?s and gender studies in the uwindsor school of social work, he provides a critical analysis which reveals how implicit biases operate in day-to-day caregiving in a book that will launch thursday, march 31. dr. pilling edited interrogating psychiatric narratives of madness in collaboration with social work professor andrea daley of the university of waterloo. it focuses on how gender, sexuality, race, and class structure psychiatry and the implications for mental health care practitioners in social work, psychiatry, nursing, and beyond. thursday?s launch event is free and open to the public and will take place on zoom from 2 to 3:30 p.m. register online at https://uwaterloo.ca/renison/events/book-launch-interrogating-psychiatric-narratives-madness. following on his first book, pilling has published the monograph queer and trans madness: struggles for social justice, the first comprehensive application of mad studies to 2slgbtq experiences of mental distress. through analyses of inpatient chart documentation from a psychiatric hospital and interviews with those who have experienced distress, he examines what constitutes mental health treatment and its impacts on mad queer and trans people. learn more about this book on the publisher?s website. indigenous artist trio to discuss work at uwill discover march 28, 2022 a trio of indigenous artists will discuss their work during the opening day of the uwill discover conference, tuesday, march 29. the three ? all alumni of the school of creative arts ? have been working collaboratively for the last couple of years under the name three collective. each has established an individual practice, working in a range of mediums and creative industries. jessica rachel cook (bfa 2006, b.ed 2006) is oji-cree, her family coming from constance lake first nation and bkejwanong first nation and is from the wolf clan. cook works with traditional and contemporary media, including photography, painting, sculptural installation, and even beyond the studio into other creative industries. she is a producer and production designer and has created promotional and marketing materials for online, print, film, and television. cook is also an educator, and her experience in various modes of teaching leads her to pursue projects working collaboratively with local communities to create group art projects. boyd harris (bfa 2006, b.ed 2006) is from the six nations reserve; he is of the seneca nation, from the wolf clan. harris? work reflects his cultural heritage through multimedia projects and photography. looking at the continuing effects of colonization, his work tells the story of the strength and resilience of first nations people. he has also consulted with organizations like the woodland cultural centre in brantford to select works by indigenous artists for the permanent collection. julie rae tucker (mfa 2006) is a windsor-based artist, independent curator, and cultural worker. she is lunaapeewi from the munsee delaware first nation and settler descent. she has both been exhibited and curated exhibitions across canada and in scotland. her recent project, the legacy of residential schools, was available on vucavu. they first came together in a casual way, meeting to share their experiences as artists. through those conversations, they began to build ideas, and eventually, during the early days of the pandemic, the conversations turned to how they might work together. more ... campaign to destigmatize neurodiversity wins provincial support march 24, 2022 a student-led information campaign to destigmatize attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder has received a boost from the ontario government. working in partnership with the learning disability association of windsor and essex county, the university of windsor will create materials as a free resource for institutions in post-secondary education and other sectors, including developmental services and employment. ?breaking down barriers: adhd & neurodiversity in pse? won a grant of up to $25,274 from the enabling change program. the project originated with drama student nadia gill, says cherie gagnon, accessibility manager in the office of human rights, equity and accessibility. gill took first prize in the university?s idea competition and then third place in a national competition for solutions to address barriers and challenges for people with disabilities with her three-pronged approach: a social media campaign to spread awareness; a seminar series for students, educators, and staff to enhance their knowledge; and a permanent web resource to act as an information hub. ?this student-led project promotes inclusion and respect for university students who identify as neurodiverse,? gagnon says. ?the enabling change program has allowed us to turn an idea into a reality.? the enabling change program invested up to $1.3 million in 14 projects across the province, including four in southwestern ontario. ?our government is helping residents create an ontario where everyone can participate more fully in everyday life, in their local communities and the economy,? said raymond cho, minister for seniors and accessibility. ?we are proud to invest in these local projects that will provide education and resources to reduce barriers in our post-secondary institutions.? student project advocates for animal welfare march 17, 2022 what to do during a pandemic if you have always been interested in animal welfare issues and want to further your formal education on this subject? ottawa resident liz wheeler took advantage of online courses and registered for uwindsor?s certificate in anthrozoology. ?i have a very strong thirst for knowledge and always love to learn,? says wheeler. ?i?ve attended webinars as many times as i possibly can, but i really wanted to take some time for myself and dedicate it to getting a formal education.? wheeler has always been interested in animal welfare. her first job was working at ottawa humane, her local humane society. ?the anthrozoology courses were a perfect fit,? says wheeler. ?every day i?m learning something new, and i truly enjoy it so much. i?m going to be devastated after completing my capstone report and presentation.? wheeler?s capstone project, ?ottawa for the animals,? is an advocacy initiative that encourages local community members to complete a 30-day challenge. she started planning the daily topics in december before the course had started and contacted the people she was interested in interviewing in early january. no one declined to be interviewed for the challenge. the challenge included a daily podcast, approximately 10 minutes in length, on instagram from january 31 to march 1. each guest was related to the different daily topic wheeler had chosen, and included a different challenge to the community, all related to animal welfare. more ... students pitch solutions to housing crisis march 8, 2022 kennedy murray and her classmates in the course ways of knowing are keen to curb the challenges in the right to safe and affordable housing. murray was one of four students acknowledged for their leadership in generating pitches to community partners to address the shortage of housing. they explored the housing crisis from various contexts including minority communities, unhoused men, young families, and university or college students. suggested strategies included renovating shipping containers to serve as shelter and setting up non-profit land trusts to empower residents. ?we need to work at living together in ways that allow people to lead flourishing lives,? says instructor tim brunet. ?it?s not enough to teach students skills, competencies, and theoretical knowledge. we need to connect them with peer networks, powerful knowledge, and opportunities to thrive.? students learned from guest presenters, including colm holmes of family services windsor-essex on housing first strategies, lynn charron of uwindsor residence services on student residences, city councillor rino bortolin on municipal housing challenges, and law student princess doe on community land trusts. murray, a student of drama and psychology, says she valued the approach. ?professor brunet?s class, ways of knowing, has been an integral part of my university experience,? she says. ?i am so happy to have taken this class as it has acted as a stepping stone towards my future goals for community engagement.? more ... students win recognition for leadership on equity, diversity, and inclusion in research march 2, 2022 staecey ngabire, larissa dushime, arief kartolo, janet macisaac, and natalie hazineh are among the recipients of student leadership awards for equity, diversity, and inclusion. not pictured: renee taylor. the office of research and innovation services has recognized six students from various disciplines who are making the campus community more welcoming by working to develop more equitable and inclusive research. the student leadership awards for equity, diversity, and inclusion carry with them a $500 prize. renee taylor, a graduate student in psychology, was nominated by professor ben h.c. kuo for her work on black experiences in education and mental health services in canada, as well as for her on- and off-campus contributions to supporting a more equitable community, such as participating as a panellist in a roundtable co-hosted by the federal anti-racism secretariat and serving as a student representation on the equity, diversity and inclusion committee of the faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences. more ... social work professor lauded for research into hiv/aids feb. 28, 2022 social work professor adrian guta has won national acclaim for his hiv and aids research. the canadian foundation for aids research and the canadian association for hiv research have named the uwindsor professor this year?s recipient of the excellence in research award for social sciences. the award celebrated the contributions of canadian researchers in hiv/aids research in canada and internationally. ?i?m honoured to be recognized by my research community and the two organizations that have been central in supporting hiv research in canada,? dr. guta said of the award. guta has been involved in hiv research for 18 years and has received funding from the canadian institutes of health research and the ontario hiv treatment network. for more than a decade, he has collaborated with casey house, a toronto hospital that specializes in hiv/aids care. recognizing the knowledge and expertise of people living with and affected by hiv, guta?s community-based, interdisciplinary research has examined sociocultural, ethical, and legal issues related to hiv prevention, treatment, and care. guta and his work will be celebrated at the annual canadian conference on hiv/aids research, to be held virtually april 27 to 29. ?sarah sacheli film documenting family pandemic stories wins notice feb. 28, 2022 a uwindsor communications grad has received a canadian screen award nomination for his timely documentary on how ontario families are straining to keep in touch while staying apart during the deadly covid-19 pandemic. producer and director matt gallagher (ba 1992) drew on his personal experience in filming dispatches from a field hospital, nominated for the donald brittain award for best social/political documentary program. during the first wave in the spring of 2020, windsor erected canada?s first mash-style field hospital almost overnight to isolate and treat elderly patients who tested positive for the virus at the heron terrace long-term care home. to fight back against confusion and despair, medical staff created a lifeline between these seniors and their families using ipads and phones. dispatches from a field hospital documents the dramatic stories of several families, including gallagher?s, whose father became a patient. the film also features the work of uwindsor students, alumni and faculty, including production assistants alysha baker (mfa film 2019) and calum hotchkiss (mfa film 2021), fixer liam adams (ba 2018), additional camera operator david hodge (ba 1993), and story editor nick hector, an instructor in the school of creative arts. the canadian screen award is the nation?s most prestigious television award and is voted on by members of the academy of canadian cinema and television. dispatches from a field hospital is available for screening on the tvontario website. presentation to explore indigenous philosophy feb. 18, 2022 ?ways of being in the world: an introduction to the indigenous philosophy of turtle island" is the subject of a humanities research group event next week featuring hrg fellow andrea sullivan-clarke, assistant professor of philosophy. the presentation is on tuesday, feb. 22, at noon, on microsoft teams. register here to attend. dr. sullivan-clarke is a member of the wind clan of the muscogee (creek) nation of oklahoma and a president?s indigenous peoples scholar. she is interested in topics relevant to indian country, such as allyship, sovereignty, and mixed-race contributions to knowledge production. sullivan-clarke also chairs the american philosophical association?s committee on native american and indigenous philosophies and is writing a book with the goal of assisting faculty who are non-indigenous and want to teach indigenous subjects in their courses. for tuesday?s presentation, she will walk the audience through a typical class on indigenous philosophy. ?it?s not one where i?m proving something to you and you?re going to ask me questions and i?ll defend my argument. it?s not that sort of talk,? explains sullivan-clarke. ?it really is more about how non-indigenous faculty who want to teach indigenous philosophy can include it in their courses.? more ... prof produces new animated series feb. 11, 2022 looking for some fresh pandemic entertainment? check out the new animated series uprooted: the plantemic, just released on cbc gem. the series is the brainchild of filmloft, a canadian production company owned by four partners: producer tony lau, a film professor in the department of communication, media and film, writer and director betty xie, editor and producer aram collier, and producer joseph chung. plantemic was one of 20 projects to receive production funding from the cbc creative relief fund in 2020. the five-episode animated series follows the daily challenges and triumphs of five houseplants confined with their human at home during the pandemic lockdown, as they adapt to a new way of living. more ... new job-placement partnership to keep uwindsor grads in region feb. 8, 2022 more uwindsor graduates will launch their careers right here in windsor-essex thanks to a new job-placement program that offers grants to help offset salaries. the university of windsor is partnering with invest windsoressex and the canadian career apprenticeship initiative on the program to help undergraduate students in the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences land their first jobs upon graduation. invest windsoressex will recruit employers wanting to hire a fahss grad into a full-time, permanent position, and uwindsor?s office of career development and experiential learning will match students to those positions. the canadian career apprenticeship initiative will donate up to $16,000 per placement to cover one-third of the first year of salary. to be called the windsor-essex career apprenticeship program, the project has multiple benefits, said cheryl collier, dean of fahss. ?this program helps enable our students to land their first skilled jobs upon graduation and it helps employers in the area attract and retain talent,? dr. collier said. ?we are thrilled to be part of this program. it?s a win for our students, for local employers and for the region?s economy.? in this first year of the program, invest windsoressex will recruit only enough local employers to offer placements to 10 fahss grads. a not-for-profit organization supported by the city of windsor and county of essex, invest windsoressex finds ways to grow and sustain prosperity in the region through economic development. more ... uwindsor alumnus named officer of the order of canada feb. 3, 2022 uwindsor alumnus robert small can claim many vocations in his life. he is an artist, father, author, entrepreneur, educator, mentor, and sought-after guest speaker. and he can now add officer of the order of canada to the list. small is one of 38 canadians on whom governor general mary simon recently bestowed this title. one of the highest honours that can be granted to a civilian in the country, small?s recognition is for ?his long-standing commitment to highlighting the contributions of black people in all sectors of canadian society.? small joins the ranks of anne murray ? his mother?s favourite singer ? and icons of the local black community such as howard mccurdy and bryan walls, both uwindsor alumni, in being named to the order of canada. ?i look at all these famous canadians i grew up admiring,? small said. ?i never would have thought i would get recognized along with them.? small, 52, who earned a bachelor?s degree in sociology and a certificate in criminology from the university of windsor in 1993, is best known as the creator of the legacy collexion, an assortment of posters, prints, t-shirts, and bookmarks derived from his original artwork. his depictions celebrating the accomplishments of blacks in canada have become a mainstay of black history month celebrations and offers role models for black children everywhere his posters are displayed. more ... professor pulls together performers for percussion project february 1, 2022 today, redshift records will release marimba collage: open score works by jordan nobles, a contemporary classical album by nicholas papador, associate professor of music in the school of creative arts. dr. papador has released a number of commercial recordings since joining the uwindsor faculty, but this release is particularly notable in that all performance and production stages of the project were completed by soca students, alumni, and faculty. visual arts professor catherine heard created the album cover images. recent alumni cody weldon (bmus 2018) and lilly korkontzelos (bmus 2020) handled the production, tracking, mixing, and mastering of the recording. and current students joshua mathews and martin shultz, and alumni martin andres (bmus 2013), nicholas baddeley, aaron eichler (bmus 2015, b.ed 2017), vanessa harnish (bmus 2008, b.ed 2009), jefferson hills (bmus 2021), charlie mckittrick (bmus 2009), justin skalaa (bmus 2020), and taylor unis added their talents on marimba or other percussion instruments to papador?s arrangements and performances. this cd project received grant support from the ontario arts council, the windsor endowment for the arts elizabeth havelock grant in the arts, and the university of windsor alumni association. more ... researcher to discuss shakespearean sources jan. 24, 2022 archeology is all about storytelling, telling an object?s story. as a field archaeologist, uwindsor professor robert weir?s specialty is bronze coins found at excavations. when not teaching courses in archaeology, ancient languages, greek civilization, or greek history in the department of languages, literatures and cultures, he researches ancient coins and for the past decade, antiquarian books. ?they (bronze coins) are in bad shape and you have to know what to look for,? dr. weir says. ?same with old books. you look at the fibers and the paper ? i?ve developed an eye for what to look for and where to look -- a ?spidy sense?. one informs the other. archeology informs my book research. they have a lot in common.? weir believes he has identified a book that once belonged to william shakespeare, a 1575 book of horace?s work in latin that was heavily annotated. weir used technology to reveal the annotations and has found corresponding references in shakespeare?s early plays. it all started in 2016 when he was able to inspect this book in a private library of an owner who wishes to remain anonymous. when weir looked at the horace volume, he noticed markings in certain passages in the poems known as the odes. these were the only poems of horace?s that hadn?t been translated into english during the elizabethan period when this book was published. ?i thought this was curious and began to wonder who could have left these markings,? weir says. more... author to open residency with public reading jan. 19, 2022 short story writer, novelist, free-lance editor, and creative writing instructor rosemary nixon will kick off a term as writer-in-residence with a public reading online thursday, jan. 27 at 4 p.m. graduate student and fiction writer chloe burrows-moore will also read from her work during the event. the reading is free and open to the public; click here to join on microsoft teams nixon?s first collection, mostly country, was shortlisted for the howard o?hagan award; she won it with her second collection, the cock?s egg. her most recent work of fiction, are you ready to be lucky? was nominated for two international awards: the frank o?connor international short fiction collection award and the forewords indie fab award. her residency runs from jan. 24 through feb. 18. during this time, nixon will be available to the campus and windsor communities for one-on-one creative writing consultations. initially, these consults will be conducted online via teams. to arrange for a manuscript consultation, email the english department secretary, april morris, at amorris@uwindsor.ca. student explores local connection to civil rights leader jan. 17, 2022 exploring the connection of martin luther king jr. to windsor-essex provides unique insight, says lila iriburiro happy. a fourth-year law and politics major, she is currently a project assistant for initiatives against anti-black racism in the office of the vice-president, equity, diversity, and inclusion; president of the windsor model united nations; and an editorial assistant for racialized academics and advocates centering equity and solidarity. in a piece she wrote in observance of the u.s. celebration of martin luther king jr. day, iriburiro happy recalls dr. king?s 1956 appearance at emancipation day celebrations in jackson park, his first visit to canada. she reflects on her own experience as an international student who has gone from being perceived as african to being racialized as black. ?although enslaved african americans escaped to canada seeking freedom, this alone does not mend the systemic racism in the past and present. therefore, decolonizing historic narratives and the education system is paramount to honour black people and the transgenerational work of dr. king,? iriburiro happy concludes. more ... grant to support storytelling photographers jan. 17, 2022 photography is a powerful communications tool, and a uwindsor faculty member hopes to see it used in defense of mother earth. renu s. persaud, a lecturer in the department of sociology, anthropology and criminology, is the managing editor of photographers without borders magazine. its not-for-profit parent, photographers without borders, is offering funds to support ?revolutionary storytellers.? the organization?s membership is a diverse community of photographers and filmmakers uniting to support frontline partners where it?s needed most. ?this organization is doing amazing work in communities around the world,? dr. persaud says. ?it is a unique storytelling platform and many scholars, academics, and the general public can connect with the mandate. there is an opportunity for grants for those who qualify, and i think the university community can benefit from knowing about it.? the revolutionary storytellers grant will help shine a light on photography projects that support grassroots environmental movements and projects. more ... pandemic points up need for cross-species approach to health: professor jan. 13, 2022 since the start of the covid-19 pandemic almost two years ago, humans have not been the only species to contract the virus. instead, its spread has revealed how health connects humans, animals, and the environment, says anthrozoology professor beth daly. in an article published tuesday in the conversation, which shares news and views from the academic and research community, she argues that responding to the pandemic has been a model of the ?one health? approach considering these relationships. ?it is important to remember that animals are the likely source of the current pandemic,? dr. daly writes. ?there are concerns that the covid-19 virus has the potential to remain undetected in an animal and could mutate and become more infectious or dangerous to humans.? more ... recognition opens new stage in career for drama grad january 10, 2022 drama grad joshua quinlan (ba 2013) calls his selection as a prot?g? by set and costume designer gillian gallow a ?liminal moment? in his career in theatre. in december, gallow was named the 2021 laureate of the siminovitch prize, canada?s largest and most prestigious theatre award. in addition to the $75,000 award, she received $25,000 to support an emerging artist of her choice. she named two: quinlan and joyce padua. ?i have made my career as an assistant designer, but taking the next step, especially amid this pandemic, felt incredibly daunting,? says quinlan. ?now, as a siminovitch prize prot?g?, my aspirations suddenly feel possible.? his set and costume design work was most recently a part of the langham directors? workshop at the stratford festival, where he has assisted on more than 20 productions. quinlan has assisted many of canada?s leading designers for theatres coast to coast, including terra bruce, mirvish, the national ballet of canada, arts club, the blyth festival, globe theatre, edmonton opera, and manitoba opera. more... awards recognize service in faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences dec. 21, 2021 three awards for meritorious service and the kathleen mccrone teaching award were presented thursday at the annual faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences holiday celebration, held virtually again this year. honorees included: shelagh towson, acting head of the department of sociology, anthropology, and criminology; political science professor rebecca major; psychology professor kendall soucie; and sherri dutot, secretary to the head of psychology. more ... professors give delicious context to concert series dec. 16, 2021 when robert franz, music director of the windsor symphony orchestra (wso), had an idea for a new digital concert series combining music, the story behind the music, and food connected with that music or historical period, he knew exactly who to call ? uwindsor professors rob nelson, a historian and cook, and filmmaker kim nelson. ?robert gave me some background for each piece, historical, thematic, and i found a recipe linked to that theme that could be cooked at home or prepared and purchased from a partner restaurant or caf?,? explains dr. rob nelson. for instance, one piece by georg philipp telemann is the overture burlesque de quixote. ?a bit of research indicated that the favourite dish of quixote?s sidekick, pancho sanza, is las migas de pastor, an easily made dish of bacon and fried breadcrumbs,? says dr. nelson. ?ideally the audience members will make this dish and then along with other classics of la mancha, a slab of manchego cheese and roasted almonds, and a glass of spanish red wine, enjoy the music.? the cooking segments were filmed in the nelsons? kitchen in early 2021 by dr. kim nelson as a covid-safe extension of the live doc project. more ... book documents natural gem dec. 16, 2021 the pandemic has proven productive for marty gervais. the university?s resident writing professional has used the time alone to publish four books, most recently a collection of poetry and photographs documenting his solitary walks through a treasure chest of nature on windsor?s west end. walk in the woods: portrait of the ojibway prairie complex is a collaboration by three of the city?s foremost wordsmiths: poet laureate emeritus gervais, the current poet laureate mary ann mulhern, and youth poet laureate alexei ungurenasu, a uwindsor student of english literature and philosophy. gervais says he spent the pandemic exploring the 350-hectare provincial nature reserve, which encompasses the ojibway, black oak, tall grass prairie, and ojibway shores parks. ?i ventured out daily, marvelling at a world i had never really known,? he says. ?i photographed and documented what i was experiencing.? gervais went out in all kinds of weather ? sun, mist, or snow. more ... professor honoured for contributions to international law dec. 14, 2021 he american society of international law will honour chile eboe-osuji, paul martin professor in political science, international relations, and law, for his work to further international human rights and accountability as a jurist, teacher, scholar, prosecutor, and international official. dr. eboe-osuji will receive the goler t. butcher medal for outstanding contributions to the development or effective realization of international human rights law during the society?s annual meeting, april 7, 2022, in washington, d.c. more ... cbc windsor morning is santa real? dec. 14, 2021 school of creative arts, acting director, dr. bruce kotowich answered the question "is santa real?" is santa claus real or not? that came up in a grade 5 class in chatham last week, and it led to a lot of disappointed parents, and some disenchanted children. it's a delicate discussion. listen here windsor poets laureate release new collection inspired by ojibway park dec. 9, 2021 in the early days of the covid-19 pandemic, marty gervais would take long walks through parts of the ojibway prairie complex with a notebook and camera in hand. contemplating this unique pocket of nature turned into a daily ritual, no matter the weather. recently, the series of poems and photos he composed on those many walks became walk in the woods: portrait of the ojibway prairie complex, a series of poems and photographs by windsor?s poets laureate... walk in the woods is a collaboration between gervais, poet laureate emeritus; mary ann mulhern, poet laureate; and youth poet laureate alexei ungurena?u. more ... cbc windsor morning: walk in the woods dec. 13, 2021 marty gervais and youth poet laureate, alexei ungurenasu talk about new book "walk in the woods: portrait of the ojibway prairie complex" with intermittent lockdowns, there's a good chance you've found yourself going for more walks over the past couple of years. but did you write a book about the experience? marty gervais did, with a little help from his poetic pals. listen here: universities have a sexual violence problem, charlene senn has part of the solution, university affairs dec. 9, 2021 the ?flip the script? program she developed is having an impact on campuses in canada and internationally. sexual violence is a longstanding problem on university campuses. the recent assaults reported at western university are the latest high-profile example. studies in both canada and the united states suggest that one in five young women will experience rape and one in 10 young men will perpetrate rape by the time they graduate. ?every day ? on our campuses and off ? women are still being confronted by men attempting to sexually assault them,? says charlene senn, canada research chair in sexual violence at the university of windsor. while people of any gender may experience or perpetrate sexual violence, dr. senn underlines that it?s a distinctly gendered crime. the vast majority of victims are women, regardless of race or sexual identity. and the vast majority of perpetrators are heterosexual men. at universities, the highest incidence of sexual assault is experienced by young women in their first two years of study. and while many universities have created programs aimed at addressing sexual assault, ?the actions we?ve taken have not made much of an impact,? dr. senn said in a recent presentation hosted by the united nations. more ... postcards bring messages of support to first-year students in fahss dec. 9, 2021 the faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences created email postcards and sent one to each of its first-year students. it?s the second year for the gesture. ?after another difficult semester, we wanted to send support to our first-year students as they prepare for their final exams,? said tony vo, student experience co-ordinator in the faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences. ?we hope that after receiving a postcard from us, our first-year students will feel encouraged and motivated when they are studying for their finals.? upper-year student sydney reid advised taking breaks between studying in her message: ?remember to take breaks to clear your head! go on a walk, have a snack, or grab something to drink.? and tianna cherubin provided advice on how to prepare for exams: ?something i like to do is to get all of my notes together for each class two weeks before the exam.? vo said he is happy with the leadership shownby upper-year students providing support to new lancers. ?we?re hoping to do this every year so that all first-year students are reminded that we will be there to help whenever they need us,? he said. study delves into why we forget to do things dec. 8, 2021 the scenario is a common one. as you leave work you make a mental note to pick up milk on your way home. the next thing you know, you are in your driveway having forgotten to stop. why we fail to remember to do things is the subject of a research project by iulia niculescu, a master?s student in uwindsor?s clinical neuropsychology program. she is studying what?s called prospective memory ? the ability to remember and carry out in the future an intention you formed in the past. ?prospective memory is important because a big part of our lives is planning,? niculescu said. ?it underlies everything we do in daily life and it affects our productivity.? niculescu is working under the supervision of uwindsor neuropsychology professor kristoffer romero to study the effect mood has on prospective memory. ?i?m looking specifically at rumination: overthinking things and repetitively going over it in your mind, and how it can impact how we remember to do other things in the future,? she says. she is hoping to recruit 200 participants ? 100 of them 60 years or older and 100 younger adults. comparing results from the two groups will add another dimension to the study. more ... first-time playwrights bringing star wars spoof to stage dec. 8, 2021 uwindsor grads maggie pinsonneault (ba 2021) and andrew perciballi (bcomm 2017, mba 2020) are excited to see their vision come to fruition as kordatheatre productions stages the pantolorian just in time for the holidays. the two wrote the book and lyrics for the play, a musical set in windsor?s devonshire mall and comicon, and featuring spoofs of characters from the star wars universe and other cosplay favourites. another uwindsor alum, karen tompkins (ba 1989), directs, and tracey atin (ma 1988, bmus 1990) joins pinsonneault as a producer. performances are dec. 9, 10, 11, 16, 17, and 18 at 7 p.m. with 2 p.m. matinees dec. 12 and 19 in the kordatheatre, 2520 seminole st. find ticket information and details of the company?s covid-19 policy at www.kordazone.com. appeal to rebels may advance cautions compliance: researchers dec. 7, 2021 efforts to re-impose mask mandates in england to combat the omicron variant of the coronavirus will pose challenges after four months of lifted restrictions, but new research out of ontario may have some answers for overcoming noncompliance. uwindsor applied social psychology professor kathryn lafreniere is a co-author with mark mcdermott, a professor of health psychology at the university of east london, of an article on the subject monday in the conversation, which publishes news and views from the academic and research community. media commentators posit that people won?t follow covid rules because they?re fed up with them, but a survey the researchers conducted indicated that dissatisfaction is not a major problem. ?rather, we found that breaking covid rules was more often about something else entirely: the enjoyment of rebellion,? the two write. ?for some, there?s a little thrill that comes with being playfully oppositional. defying covid restrictions for these people produces a pleasurable feeling that reinforces their rule-breaking behaviour, making them more likely to repeat it.? the authors argue that appealing to that rebellious nature may prove fruitful ? for example, having playful nonconformist imagery on face coverings to signal the wearer?s social identity. more ... sessions to re-orient fahss students to on-campus learning dec. 3, 2021 the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences is offering two return to on-campus learning orientation sessions jan. 4 and 5. the program provides students with resources and information to help with their transition from learning online back to in-person classes for the winter 2022 semester. this program will be delivered through two modes: in person and online. the in-person orientation will take place on jan. 4 and is restricted to registered fahss students whose first semester was fall 2020 or fall 2021. the online orientation will take place on jan. 5 and is open to all registered fahss students. ?it is easy to assume that the transition back to in-person learning might be smooth for students, but it?s important to recognize the widespread impacts of the pandemic on student learning,? says cheryl collier, dean of fahss. ?many of our returning students have yet to set foot on campus. we want to make sure everyone is prepared to be successful as they return to in-person learning and this orientation program is aimed to do just that. i encourage students to sign up and ensure they are ready to return to campus.? students who attend and participate will be entered for a prize draw. register at https://tinyurl.com/2p8e3wbd. project aims at effective online tests for aging memories dec. 1, 2021 coming up with effective online tools to test the cognitive health of aging adults is the goal of a new research project led by a uwindsor psychology professor. neuropsychologist kristoffer romero is using online testing to reach populations often left out of scientific studies. he is hoping to recruit 200 adults aged 55 or older to take an online questionnaire that asks about your concerns and attitudes toward your cognitive abilities, and tests things like memory, attention, and your ability to multi-task. ?neuropsychological assessment is the gold standard for cognitive testing, but it?s not always available for people in windsor and essex county,? said dr. romero. ?these assessments are not readily available for older adults living in rural regions and may have lower accuracy with racialized groups.? romero said the covid pandemic got him and fellow psychology professor ren?e biss thinking about new ways to provide such services. more ... live theatre over zoom? study shows it works nov. 30, 2021 it?s possible to have a communal theatre experience, even in the midst of a lockdown, a study by uwindsor dramatic arts professor michelle macarthur has found. last fall, graduating bachelor of fine arts students performed four plays over zoom. the live, online performances, produced by university players with the help of toronto theatre company outside the march, included breakout rooms, polls, and focus groups made up of the audience members watching from home. a research team led by dr. macarthur surveyed the audience about the experience and analyzed the responses. an article she published recently in canadian theatre review discusses the findings. ?what we found is the audience still felt quite engaged by the shows, especially those audience members who were younger and/or newer to theatre,? said macarthur. ?we wanted to consider how zoom changes how we make and experience theatre and how we make theatre?. we found you can create something over zoom that is a different theatre experience, but it can still be an engaging and communal experience, and one that has the potential to attract new audiences.? more ... project aims to improve employability of local african, caribbean, and black men nov. 25, 2021 the staggeringly high unemployment rate for a segment of the local population has spurred a uwindsor sociology professor into action. francisca omorodion has launched a project to improve the employability of african, caribbean, and black men (acb men) in windsor and essex county. in conjunction with colleagues and local community groups, the project will involve monthly workshops to build the men?s basic computer knowledge and job-hunting skills. there will also be training on how to start your own business, and outreach to local employers to raise awareness of the systemic barriers acb men face in getting jobs. ?it is clear these men need help to penetrate the labour market,? said dr. omorodion. ?we want to share our research and professional knowledge to enhance the employability and labour force participation of acb men in windsor and essex county and beyond.? in 2020, the average unemployment rate in ontario was 9.6 per cent. for african, caribbean, and black men in windsor and essex county, it was 23.7 per cent? about 2 ? times the provincial average. more ... films to document history of sandwich nov. 25, 2021 lights, camera, action! a series of three short documentaries began filming in leddy library this semester to capture the history of sandwich town. following the success of the 2020 film the north was our canaan, the leddy library?s centre for digital scholarship in partnership with the essex county black historical research society launched a new project, across the river to freedom: early black history in sandwich ontario, to share chapters of sandwich town?s history. directed by anushray singh (mfa 2020) and produced by local historian irene moore davis and leddy librarian heidi jacobs, these documentaries will continue the story and share more voices of descendants residing in historic sandwich. the project, designed to preserve the history and spark larger community interests in learning and understanding the black history embedded within the streets of sandwich, was one of eight to receive the gordie howe international bridge community organization investment grant to better communities closest to the construction of the new bridge. more ... concertgoers celebrating return of student ensembles nov. 24, 2021 the school of creative arts invites audiences to experience performances by music student ensembles live and in person this weekend and next. proof of vaccination is required to attend in-person concerts, and tickets must be purchased in advance. those who prefer may purchase a livestream ticket and watch from the comfort of home. three different student ensembles have performances scheduled: university jazz ensemble, robert fazecash, director saturday, nov. 27, at 7:30 p.m. at the capitol theatre, 121 university ave. west. playing tunes from johnny mercer, burt bacharach, van morrison, charlie parker, john lennon, and paul mccartney, the jazz ensemble will be joined by vocalists annessa deblais, sabrina novelletto, and ken wood from the studio of shahida nurullah. university wind ensemble, trevor pittman, director sunday, nov. 28, at 2:30 p.m. at the capitol theatre the wind ensemble?s program offers a variety of themes including folk dances, music written during the second world war for the 445th u.s. army band, contemporary wind band, and even musical theatre. university choirs, bruce j.g. kotowich, director saturday, dec. 4, at 7:30 p.m. at our lady of assumption church, university ave at huron church rd. to celebrate the university choirs? return to assumption church ? their first performance in the space since 2013 ? the festival of christmas program includes excerpts from handel?s messiah with student soloists and is topped off with a performance of ?brother heinrich?s christmas? with drama professor lionel walsh as narrator. more ... experiential opportunities in argumentation draw national attention nov. 23,2021 collaboration between uwindsor faculty and staff to deliver experiential learning options to students pursuing doctoral studies in argumentation has been featured in university affairs, the national magazine published by universities canada. the article notes that the program?s interdisciplinarity attracts students with backgrounds as diverse as art history, psychology, journalism, business, and computer science. it?s director, philosophy professor catherine hundleby, wanted to help her students find where their skills could be applied, so she consulted career advisor stephanie dupley. together, they developed an approach that allows students to either complete a paper or participate in an experiential learning project, volunteering their skills to serve a not-for-profit organization. more ... artist-scholars to discuss work of creation nov. 22, 2021 the propeller project will host a conversation over zoom with artist-scholars erin manning and brian massumi on wednesday, nov. 24. they promise a wide-ranging conversation about research creation, property, alter economies, radical pedagogies, and their latest endeavour, the 3ecologies project. dr. manning is a professor in the faculty of fine arts at concordia university, studying in the interstices of philosophy, aesthetics, and politics, concerned, always, about alter-pedagogical and alter-economic practices. her current research explores the transversality of the three ecologies: the social, the environmental, and the conceptual. an iteration of 3e is a land-based project north of montreal where living and learning is explored. legacies of senselab infuse the project, particularly the question of how collectivity is crafted in a more-than human encounter with worlds in the making. more ... event to draw connections between philosophy and poetry nov. 16, 2021 in celebration of unesco world philosophy day, the uwindsor philosophy department presents an online discussion open to the campus, titled ?beyond argument: philosophy and poetry,? on thursday, nov. 18. the event will feature city of windsor youth poet laureate alexei ungurenasu and is hosted by philosophy professor catherine hundleby. ungurenasu, who uses they/them pronouns, first attended a world philosophy day event four years ago and says it was a positive turning point in their university life. ?philosophy has always been in the background of my poetry, and i am excited to share some of my experiences with the department,? says ungurenasu. ?over the years, i?ve learned so much from my professors and student friends, and i really hope i can reach out to younger students at the event and inspire them to see the connections between philosophy and the literary arts.? thursday?s event will begin at 5 p.m. to receive the invitation, email hundleby@uwindsor.ca with ?wpd? in the subject line and ?please include me? in the body. soldier?s biography and creative work now available online nov. 12, 2021 uwindsor english professor thomas dilworth?s commercially published biography on war veteran and artist, david jones, is now available as an online resource, thanks to leddy library. the new digital version is a slight revision of the original transcript that is three times longer than the print publication and includes 174 more reproductions of jones? artwork. ?the print publication of the book published in 2017 was limited to 432 pages,? said scholarly communications librarian, pascal calarco. ?the digital version we created will allow dr. dilworth to share the full 1420-page publication as an online resource.? dr. dilworth dedicated over 30 years to researching and writing the biography about jones, who was a solider, poet, visual artist, and essayist. jones? poem in parenthesis (1937) was acknowledged as the greatest literary work to emerge from world war i, winning the hawthornden prize and the admiration of famous writers such as w. b. yeats and t. s. eliot. based on his experiences from world war i, it painted a vivid picture of the experience of a solider who fought at the somme. more ... presentation to honour trans day of remembrance nov. 12, 2021 a free online event thursday, nov. 18, will mark the nov. 20 trans day of remembrance. women?s and gender studies is teaming up with trans wellness ontario to present the webinar ?harm reduction and two-spirit, trans, and non-binary activism,? led by davey francis cole and faith alexandra marie. marie (pictured at left) is a mixed race non-binary dyke of filipino, english, and irish descent and co-founder of pieces to pathways, a peer-led substance use support program for queer and trans youth at breakaway addiction services in toronto. cole is a two-spirit non binary queer; one of the programing co-ordinators at sunshine house, a drop-in and resource centre focusing on social inclusion and harm reduction in winnipeg; and one of the founding members of bannock babes, an all indigenous drag collective. the event will run 10 to 11:30 a.m. on the zoom videoconferencing platform; register to attend. ceana ussoletti, 4th year criminology student nov. 9, 2021 ?my favourite part of being a criminology student is that it doesn?t limit your opportunities post-grad,? says ceana. ?i think uwindsor?s criminology professors are great. they truly care.? eleven fahss grads join lead medallion hall of fame nov.9, 2021 the faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences celebrated 11 newly-minted lead medallion scholars in a virtual event thursday, one day before they celebrated their graduation at fall convocation. the program recognizes undergraduate students who have excelled within and beyond the classroom. in order to earn a medallion, recipients must have demonstrated: leadership through peer mentoring and campus involvement; engagement through service learning, study abroad, or other outreach activities; application through internship, practicum, or other hands-on activities related to your field of study; and discovery through undergraduate research or creative pursuits. this fall?s recipients are: gold medallists nicolas jakowiec, gagneet kaur, noor az-zahraa khachab, fardovza kusow, maria lederer, sherin mathews, and hussein samhat; silver medallists max ieraci and katie harrison; and bronze medallists michael emanuel and fina pirrone. these scholars join more than 150 lead medallion grads to receive this recognition since the program was introduced in 2019. ?my experience in the mentorship and learning program has kick-started so many great opportunities for me and has pushed me to become a better person,? says hussein samhat, a grad of the drama in education and the community program. ?what i will take with me are the lessons and the connections that have been fostered over the course of the last four years.? he offered ?a huge shout-out? to tina pugliese, phebe lam, danielle soulliere, and tony vo for being his biggest sources of support and mentorship: ?i have so much respect and admiration for all of you and would not be here without you.? panel to discuss online art exhibition nov. 5, 2021 the art gallery of windsor will host an online public panel discussion saturday, nov. 6, at 1 p.m. to discuss the curatorial project and group exhibition (un)happy objects currently hosted on the artcite inc. website. panellists include artists shellie zhang, madelyne beckles, vida beyer, and kaythi joining host, curator, and uwindsor alumna adrienne crossman (mfa visual art 2018). crossman says these artists take on subjects often seen as ?difficult,? such as queer identity, cultural heritage, race, and feminism, through the recontextualization of cultural iconography. ?some of the topics we will cover in saturday?s panel include: the role of humour in artwork, material strategies, and points of access for an audience,? says crossman. ?as well as the role of the body and the role of text in the artwork.? crossman has exhibited across canada and internationally and is an assistant professor in the school of the arts at mcmaster university. the panel discussion is supported by the university of windsor?s school of creative arts, the arts council windsor & region, and the art gallery of windsor. register to attend here. poem provides an answer to the question ?why humanities?? nov. 2, 2021 second-year creative writing major grace hamelin was excited to win the ?why humanities?? competition with her entry, a poem entitled why humanities? after recovery, we heal. ?this year?s why humanities contest was the first one i have submitted to,? hamelin says. ?my entire university experience has been online so far, so it?s very reaffirming to know that when i put my voice out there it?s actually heard within the university community, especially considering how isolating online school can feel.? entries in the 2021 edition of the contest addressed the theme ?why do humanities matter in a post recovery world?? hamlin?s poem includes the lines the writers, the artists, philosophers, professors, connect us like tunnels snaking through our conscience, unifying and reinforcing. her efforts earned hamelin a credit worth one semester?s tuition. ?in a hectic second year of university, it?s definitely comforting to win a semester?s tuition,? she says. ?one less thing i have to worry about!? read her award-winning poem on the humanities research group website. project to combat vaccine hesitancy in local african populations oct. 29, 2021 a uwindsor-led strategy to boost vaccine confidence among africans in windsor and essex county will kick off saturday, oct. 30, with a free public forum over zoom. uwindsor sociology and anthropology professor francisca omorodion has launched the project to combat misconceptions about covid-19 and hesitancy about the vaccines available to control the spread of the virus. ?studies have shown that racialized groups tend to have higher risk perceptions of the vaccine and the potential effects on their bodies because of their mistrust of scientists, the medical community, and government,? dr. omorodion said. saturday?s public forum will feature guest speaker josephine etowa, a nursing professor at the university of ottawa. dr. etowa, who was born in nigeria, specializes in how visible minorities are treated by canadian healthcare. it?s the first part of a year-long project called icovac that will include a second public forum, workshops, and a social media campaign, with accounts on facebook, twitter, and instagram. information will be available in both english and french. omorodion, who is also a native of nigeria, said she is recruiting people of african descent to reach out to the local african communities through the project. ?we think people will be less wary of the vaccine if they hear it from other africans they can trust,? omorodion said. ?they will accept the person is being honest with them. this will help reduce suspicion.? playwright to discuss adapting classical works for modern audiences oct. 27, 2021 playwright, actor, and educator erin shields will discuss how she adapts classical texts for the contemporary stage in a free public webinar thursday, oct. 28. university players is currently performing her work if we were birds, an uncompromising examination of the horrors of war. it draws on ovid?s ancient tragedy of the sisters procne and philomela, forced into silence by cruel king tereus. shields? work highlights the negation or misrepresentation of women in classical stories by adapting them for a modern audience through an intersectional feminist lens. her presentation begins at 1 p.m. on microsoft teams; register here to attend. the event is hosted by the humanities research group as part of humanities week. oral histories of central american migrants subject of lecture oct. 26, 2021 individual stories provide a point of entry into interrogating how borders function, says julie young, canada research chair in critical border studies and an assistant professor in geography and environment at the university of lethbridge. dr. young will share insights from a research project documenting interviews with people originally from el salvador, guatemala, and haiti who crossed the canada-u.s. border to seek refuge in an online presentation at noon wednesday, oct. 27. entitled ?i just crossed the border, i didn?t make a crime: building a counter-archive of the canada-u.s. border,? the event will take place on microsoft teams hosted by the humanities research group as part of humanities week; register here to attend. pianist to usher in return of faculty recitals oct. 26, 2021 pianist philip adamson will mark the return of recitals by faculty of the school of creative arts with a performance of sonatas by ludwig van beethoven in a livestreamed concert on friday, oct. 29. dr. adamson, professor emeritus of music, will play the yamaha grand piano in the performance hall of the soca armouries, with an audience watching and listening online. the program will begin at 7:30 p.m. ?the working title (if such there be) seems to be the fabulous fifties, inasmuch as the works were all written within a year or two of each other, and were presented to beethoven's publisher as a package,? adamson says, noting all the pieces bear catalogue numbers in the 50s. tickets are $20 per household and must be purchased in advance. ticket buyers will receive an email containing the link to watch the concert. purchase tickets through the soca website; find a detailed concert program here. online lecture to consider concept of creolization october 25, 2021 for the enslaved african, creolization always occurred under duress and reflected the cultural prohibitions, material deprivation, immobilization, surveillance, and violence imposed by the white slave owning classes, says charmaine a. nelson. professor of art history at the nova scotia college of art and design university in halifax and founding director of the institute for the study of canadian slavery, she will explore ways that the enslaved navigated systemic oppression and cultural deprivation to retain and practice their cultures in a free public lecture at 7 p.m. tuesday, oct. 26. doctoral candidate writes about mental health challenges in south asian communities october 22, 2021 a silent mental health crisis exacerbated by stigmatization exists in south asian communities, writes uwindsor doctoral student nawal mustafa in a recent article published in the conversation. ?many studies have shown that south asian immigrants in canada, the united states, and the united kingdom experience high rates of mental health disorders, sometimes higher than their peers,? mustafa writes. reasons may include intergenerational conflict or the stress of adapting to western society. to address this, mental health professionals need to practise ?culturally sound therapy,? mustafa says... in-person reception to open humanities week activities october 21, 2021 with a theme of boundaries, barriers, and barricades, the humanities research group is looking to break down a few as it begins transitioning events from virtual spaces to in-person gatherings during humanities week, oct. 25 to 29. ?our diverse and broad selection of speakers will give talks on cities, slavery, borders, and intersectionality ? all of which relate in some way to our theme,? says acting director lydia miljan. an outdoor reception at 4 p.m. monday, oct. 25, will feature welcoming messages from uwindsor president robert gordon and cheryl collier, dean of the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences, as well as a brief talk about the urban environment post-covid by journalist and educator shawn micallef. mina wiebe will present her winning submission from last year?s why humanities? contest. theatre company raising curtain on multimedia presentation october 21, 2021 the university players production of if we were birds will hit the virtual stage on friday, oct. 22. a re-imagining of the classic tale of tereus, procne and philomela, the piece examines the horrors of war and its effects on generations of women who have been traumatized. the play will be performed via zoom in a combination of live and recorded performance to weave a tapestry of multimedia. containing sexual violence, strong language, and mature themes, if we were birds is recommended for ages 18+. performances run oct. 22 to 31, fridays and saturdays at 8 p.m. and sundays at 4 p.m. tickets are $10 and are available at www.universityplayers.com. deadline looming in why humanities contest oct. 20, 2021 students hoping to enter the ?why humanities?? competition had better don their thinking caps ? the submission deadline is noon oct. 27. sponsored by the humanities research group, the contest challenges uwindsor students to answer the question ?why do the humanities matter in a post-recovery world?? with a prize of a semester?s tuition on the line. all full-time students are eligible to compete by submitting a text up to 500 words in any genre ? an essay, rant, poem, song, audio, spoken word ? or video of two minutes or less. entries must be emailed directly to hrgmail@uwindsor.ca with the subject line ?why humanities? entry.? visit the group?s website for more information. university players to open season with multimedia presentation of student-chosen work october 8, 2021 the university players season opener tells a modern story that isn?t afraid to take risks, thanks in part to the work that?s being done within the school of dramatic art to support students in their learning. if we were birds by erin shields is a re-imagining of the classic tale of tereus, procne and philomela. chosen by acting students, the piece examines the horrors of war and its effects on generations of women who have been traumatized and whose voices have historically been silenced. university players veteran lee wilson directs the show, which features graduating students in strong female roles, bringing opportunities for them to explore complex and challenging material. these culminating projects allow students to explore relevant, current issues that put into practice the skills they have gained during their time at uwindsor. value of humanities post-recovery subject of challenge october 8, 2021 the humanities research group is asking uwindsor students one simple question: why do the humanities matter in a post-recovery world? the ?why humanities?? contest offers a reward of a credit for one semester?s tuition. the humanities are defined as the study and expression of human experience and meaning via philosophy, literature, history, the arts, religion, politics, language, etc. all full-time students are eligible to compete by submitting a text up to 500 words in any genre ? an essay, rant, poem, song, audio, spoken word ? or video of two minutes or less. the submission deadline is noon oct. 27. entries must be submitted directly to hrgmail@uwindsor.ca with the email subject ?why humanities? entry.? visit the group?s website for more information carol di grado talks about her newest film "lookin' good feelin' good" oct. 6, 2021 carolina gama di grado, a fourth-year student whose home is in brazil, recruited her windsor roommates to be her interview subjects since they were already in the same covid bubble. grad student writer-in-residence to conduct online reading october 6, 2021 brandon cormier will read from his work friday, oct. 8, in his inaugural appearance as the university of windsor's fall 2021 graduate student writer-in-residence. a master?s candidate in english literature and creative writing, cormier describes himself as ?a contemporary multimodal writer with an inherent fascination for the rhythmic functionality of writing forms.? in his role as writer-in-residence, cormier is available for informal drop-in chats about writing and literature, as well as one-on-one consultations on creative writing with junior students. book a time slot. he will be joined for friday?s free public event by classmate rawand mustafa and lyric storyteller duosancti. the reading, live on microsoft teams, will begin at 7 p.m. register here to attend. national heritage association praises library architecture october 5, 2021 uwindsor professor jason grossi has received further praise for his design of the john muir branch of the windsor public library, winner of a 2021 award of excellence for conservation ? architecture from the canadian association of heritage professionals (cahp). prof. grossi, co-ordinator of the visual art and the built environment architecture program, is the architect of record for this city of windsor project. awards in architecture differ from ones like the oscars, grammys, or junos, says grossi. noting that awards celebrating accomplishments in the built environment are given by differing organizations for specific purposes, he has generally been reluctant to submit work for consideration. ?but for this latest work, the john muir branch of the windsor public library, submitting to these well-known awards was for different reasons,? explains grossi. ?and this lends itself to some points about why the creation of work in the built environment is a tad different than composing a symphony, making a piece of sculpture or a painting, yet still in the realm of visual art.? session to offer academic and career support to first-year fahss students sept. 30, 2021 with the start of the new academic year, the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences (fahss) has been planning several projects to support first-year students as they begin their lancer journey. in collaboration with the office of career development and experiential learning, fahss is hosting the ?into the unknown: discovering academic and career options? series on oct. 8 at 11 a.m. this series of events is designed to support first-year students as they transition into their first year of their academic program, while encouraging career development. during this session, first-year students will have an opportunity to learn about academic and career services, discover academic career options, and address common academic and career concerns in a supportive learning environment, while participating in interactive activities. researcher examining intersection of business and private policing sept. 29, 2021 a postdoctoral researcher in the department of sociology, anthropology, and criminology is the first member of the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences to be awarded a banting social sciences and humanities research council of canada fellowship. debra mackinnon is a sociologist with a background in surveillance, urban, and technology studies. after completing her doctorate at queen?s university, she was an eyes high postdoctoral scholar at the university of calgary. she came to the university of windsor after she was awarded the banting fellowship under the supervision of sociology professor randy lippert. ?it is fantastic to formally work with dr. lippert. he was my phd external examiner, and since then we?ve been collaborating on a couple of projects and grants,? says dr. mackinnon. ?he is one of the few people in canada who has researched bias (business improvement areas) and their intersections with policing and surveillance. so, it just made sense.? mackinnon?s banting project is titled ?in the business of policing: examining the intersections of private security, surveillance technologies, and public private partnerships in north american business improvement areas.? poetry bomb drops on itinerary for book launch sept. 21, 2021 the title of lorenzo buj?s debut poetry collection is a jest at his own expense. a faculty member in the department of languages, literatures, and cultures, he will hold a launch event for earlybloom bombs on saturday, oct. 2. ?the title is a line from one of the poems,? says dr. buj. ?you can say it?s a self-targeting irony, given that i?m turning 60 this year ? not exactly an early bloomer. the book is a kind of promise made to professors and mentors long ago ? like john ditsky and alistair macleod and walter skakoon ? only now being fulfilled.? student films selected for detroit showcase sept. 20, 2021 two documentaries by communication, media, and film students have been selected for the detroit freep film festival?s real fresh student showcase. sara grabauskas?s canvassing the soul and carolina di grado?s lookin? good, feelin? good will be screened at cinema detroit on sept. 24, at 4 p.m., and online from sept. 22 to 29. the showcase spotlights the work of student documentary filmmakers from michigan state university, oakland university, university of michigan, and wayne state university, as well as university of windsor. faculty representatives from each of the five schools nominated a total of 26 student films. from that group, a jury chose 10 shorts as representing some of the best documentary work from the region?s schools. ?i?m very proud of sara and carolina,? says film professor nick hector. ?it?s an honour to even be selected by the university for consideration as they faced very strong competition here in windsor. to make it to the final 10 alongside films from the michigan universities is quite an achievement.? trailer for "lookin' good, feelin' good" online msw studies made possible for working professionals sept. 20, 2021 the master of social work for working professionals program is kicking off its fall 2022 admission cycle with an exciting announcement: the program will now be offered in an online format. students are still required to attend scheduled virtual classes, but this change means that making the commute to the classroom will no longer be a challenge for those with full-time employment. windsor star: uwindsor opens street-front bioart studio/laboratory sept. 16, 2021 the university of windsor virtually launched its second incubator art lab in downtown windsor wednesday. a storefront bioart studio and community engagement lab at 144 university ave. e. has been delayed for months due to the covid-19 pandemic. the launch was broadcast live at 3 p.m. wednesday on uwindsor?s youtube channel. the new studio is a hybrid space that includes an arts workshop and a biology laboratory. jennifer willet is the founder and director of the incubator art lab located at uwindsor?s nearby school of creative arts. in 2009, she opened canada?s first biological art lab where art, science and ecology intersect. willet was named a tier 2 canada research chair in art, science and ecology in 2017 and part of her proposal called for a street-level storefront space for community engagement. film student projects to find national audience sept. 15, 2021 the most rewarding part of filming her short documentary jenny?s vision is the thought that its message of hope could change someone?s life, says maria belenkova-buford. a film student, she tells the story of an artist with a visual disability. ?jenny has some challenges she had to overcome,? says belenkova-buford. ?my film shows how you can still create while having a major impairment.? it is one of three local films that will enjoy national broadcast sept. 18 on cbc television as part of its absolutely canadian series showcasing unique stories from communities across canada. entitled ?reel shorts: windsor,? the episode is curated and produced by filmmakers theodore bezaire and michael stasko, a faculty member in the department of communication, media, and film. in addition to jenny?s vision, it features journey back to jackson park by drama grad audra gray (bfa 2003) and jackson park band shell by madeline mazak (ba 2017). it will air at 7:30 p.m. saturday. a full one-hour program which expands the playbill to include understanding differences by lourdes lasala (ba 2021), big little show by gemma cunial (ba 2019, mfa 2021), and lethe by adam dunn (ba 2017, mfa 2021), will be available for streaming on cbc gem. incubator art lab opening set for wednesday sept. 13, 2021 a virtual event sept. 15 will celebrate the opening of the incubator art lab?s storefront studio facility. the studio is a hybrid space combining a fine arts workshop with a biology laboratory. it will be used for research and creation as well as a place to hold special events, artist talks, and workshops for community or school groups. it will also serve as an exhibition space for student and faculty artworks. this unique facility will benefit the local community while winning national and international recognition in the art and science worlds. wednesday?s opening will run 3 to 3:30 p.m. on the uwindsor youtube page. social work professor made royal society of canada college member sept. 8, 2021 a uwindsor professor who specializes in addictions research has been inducted as a member of the royal society of canada?s college of new scholars, artists and scientists. social work professor adrian guta is one of 53 new members announced by the rsc tuesday. they have been selected for their contributions in the arts, the humanities, and the sciences, as well as in canadian public life. ?i am honoured to be amongst this year?s impressive list of inductees and part of a scholarly community dating back to 1882,? dr. guta said. the college is canada?s first national system of multidisciplinary recognition for the emerging generation of canadian intellectual leadership. its members are canadians and permanent residents who, at an early stage in their career, have demonstrated a high level of achievement. the criterion for election is excellence, and membership is for seven years. guta is already part of an rsc interdisciplinary working group examining the harms of criminalization for people who use drugs. virtual conference an opportunity to discuss issues of race, anti-racism and research at the university and beyond sept. 7, 2021 numerous high-profile incidents of anti-black, anti-indigenous and other forms of racism in both the university and in the larger windsor essex community led a group of students and faculty across disciplines to come together to work towards a consolidated and grounded critical race scholarship that can inform coordinated antiracist and decolonial practice. the result was the creation of raaces: racialized academics and advocates centering equity in solidarity. the group is hosting a free virtual conference on thursday, sept. 9 and friday, sept. 10. the conference is titled: embodied collaborations: reflections on race, anti-racism and interdisciplinary scholarship. this conference is organized by an interdisciplinary group of academics including: jane ku, and natalie delia deckard, sociology, anthropology and criminology; richard douglass-chin, english literature and creative writing; sujith xavier, law; and camisha sibblis, a professor of social work. federal covid research funding responds to windsor-essex?s unique location, population sept. 3, 2021 a team of uwindsor professors developing novel ways to detect covid and limit the spread of its variants has been awarded $500,000 from a federal agency that funds health research. the canadian institutes of health research (cihr), recognizing windsor and essex county can offer advance warning of spikes in infection rates by virtue of its location, is funding a team of researchers led by biochemistry professor yufeng tong. dr. tong, together with biochemistry professor kenneth ng, biomedical sciences professor lisa porter, psychology professor kendall soucie, and mike mckay, executive director of the great lakes institute for environmental research, will collaborate on the project to tackle covid from multiple fronts. dr. soucie is heading a uwindsor campus survey that will gather perceptions regarding covid screening and vaccination. ?our pilot phase included a questionnaire that assessed attitudes toward covid-19 and the testing procedures, fears, and concerns,? soucie said. ?expanding this survey will help us gather insights to make health messaging and on-site screening procedures more effective, particularly as our students, staff, and faculty head back to campus.? transforming the first year experience for fahss students sept. 2, 2021 making the transition from high school to university is an exciting and often stressful transition. this summer the faculty of arts, humanities and, social sciences (fahss) launched a pilot program called transform first year for incoming first year fahss students to ease the transition and give them a jump on their first semester. ?we wanted to give students the tools that they?ll need to be successful during their first year studies,? said tony vo, student experience coordinator in fahss. ?by offering the transform program, we are working to ensure students will have the necessary skills for a great first year experience.? during the six-week program, incoming students were assigned an upper year student mentor who worked with them throughout the program. the first year students completed weekly interactive videos addressing common first year concerns. these videos included understanding the administrative structure of the university and fahss, academic policies, student services, student health and wellness, and learning about academic integrity. the videos were created with the help from the office of open learning. sept. 1, 2021 serafina piasentin is in her 2nd year of the english literature & creative writing program at the university of windsor. serafina is also in the outstanding scholars program. outstanding scholars are paid to do research outside class, working for faculty members. serafina?s research focuses on the struggles and perseverance of women in society. it will be a book of poetry titled ?all women are objects?. she feels strongly that if women can reclaim that phrase and make it a metaphor rather than an insult, it will help us relate to one another?s experiences. student wins support for work on psychological interventions in chronic health conditions aug. 31, 2021 a $5,000 scholarship from crohn?s and colitis canada will enable uwindsor student jasmine kobrosli further her work examining the psychological effects of inflammatory bowel disease. kobrosli, entering her fourth year of undergraduate study, has lived experience with ibd: she was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis in 2013 and crohn?s disease in 2018. ?i was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis during my final year of high school,? she says. ?since my illness was so severe at the time, my university career was delayed.? after regaining her health, she enrolled at the university in 2018. ?i had always planned to study psychology, but since being diagnosed with both ulcerative colitis and crohn?s disease, i have been inspired to conduct research that will have a meaningful impact on the inflammatory bowel disease community by tying my love of psychology into the experiences that i and others have had,? says kobrosli. her honours thesis project on the subject will qualitatively examine the lived experiences, struggles, and quality of life in individuals with ibd. pulling strings wins creative writing contest for prof aug 26th, 2021 communications instructor victoria abboud won an award for her account of learning to play the qanun, a traditional arabic string instrument. her efforts to connect with her arabic heritage has won acclaim for uwindsor faculty member victoria abboud. the eden mills writers? festival selected her entry for top honours in the creative non-fiction category of its fringe literary contest. a lecturer in the department of communications, media and film, dr. abboud teaches courses in technical writing and emerging technologies to international engineering and computer science students. campus community eligible for discount on theatre tickets aug 25th, 2021 uwindsor faculty, staff, and students are eligible for half-price admission to the outdoor theatre event c-o-n-t-a-c-t. the university of windsor and the downtown windsor business improvement association are presenting c-o-n-t-a-c-t, a revolutionary, socially-distanced outdoor theatre event, over the next four weeks ? and now faculty, staff, and students can attend this ground-breaking show at a steep discount. aug. 24, 2021 raeann schroeder is a 4th year honours criminology student. she?s a second-generation uwindsor student (her mum is an alumna). she's been a teaching assistant (ta) every semester since first year. raeann is also a research assistant for dr. natalie delia deckard. her current goal is to end 4th year on the dean?s list and president?s list! university bringing an extraordinary moment of contact to downtown windsor aug. 19, 2021 a host of faculty, alumni, students, and staff are among the cast and crew of a unique theatre experience coming to downtown windsor. the university of windsor is the lead sponsor of contact, an immersive ?musidrama? originally created by parisian musical director samuel sen? and his team. the local show is produced by contact show canada and the downtown windsor business improvement association, with aria entertainment and wef productions. born out of the covid period, contact is an innovative piece that marries mobile technology with live theatre. audiences listen to a beautifully orchestrated track that shares the thoughts of the characters, played by live actors, as they walk the streets of downtown windsor. drama professor meaghen quinn (bfa 2001) is one of the lead actors. she calls herself privileged to perform in this professional production of ?a show that was able to bring light to multiple countries during these dark days.? aug. 16, 2021 meet singer, songwriter and performer madeline doornaert. she's completing her 5th and final year of the concurrent bachelor of music/ bachelor of education program at uwindsor. madeline also recently released her first album "muddy water" in february 2021. produced with grant funding from the city of windsor's arts, culture, and heritage fund, and presented in partnership with soul city music co-op, muddy water is available now on all streaming platforms and at madelinedoornaert.com. prof weighs in on animal intelligence aug. 16, 2021 how smart are companion animals? uwindsor anthrozoology professor beth daly joined the cbc radio program ontario today to discuss people?s pet tricks friday. the call-in show, hosted by giacomo panico, provided a wide range of shaggy-dog stories, cat tales, and more, says dr. daly. ?make no assumptions about the intelligence of any animal,? she told listeners across the province. ?most animals are smart.? appearing on the program made for a ?really fun afternoon,? daly said. the episode, entitled ?think your pet is smart?? is available free on the cbc website. pandemic making broad impact on children?s mental health, researchers find aug. 12, 2021 irritability, anxiety, and depression are among the symptoms reported by children in a new study that documents the pervasive impact of the covid-19 pandemic on children?s mental health. led by uwindsor psychology professor lance rappaport, a team of researchers surveyed children aged 8 to 13 from 190 families in the windsor-essex region and their parents or guardians. ?the first goal was to establish a baseline to measure the acute effect of the pandemic,? said dr. rappaport, director of the development and etiology of anxiety and related conditions (dear) lab. grads combine talents to pay tribute to inspiring anime aug. 9, 2021 when a popular streaming service added his favourite television show to its line-up last summer, allesandro rotondi was inspired. a 2020 graduate of the music program, he set out to produce a few ?lo-fi? instrumental works, but the project he launched friday grew into something bigger ? a full album entitled tunes of ba sing se. ?the songs are inspired by avatar: the last airbender, and i attempted to create instrumental landscapes that suit the atmosphere of the show?s universe,? in which some characters have the ability to manipulate the elements, says rotondi. ?i combined sounds commonly heard in the show such as kalimba, erhu, glockenspiel, with my own assortment of pop, rock, and jazz influence ? like back-masked electric guitar, hammond organ, electric bass, and traditional and electric drum kit.? what really excited him, though, was the opportunity to collaborate with his girlfriend ashley spina (ba english and visual arts, 2019), a graphic artist who operates under the business name ?werks by ashley.? she created illustrations used for the album cover and prints included in a deluxe edition of the album, which will be sold as a physical compact disc. study finds pandemic driving nurses out of the profession aug. 4, 2021 nurses are exhausted. follow-up interviews that were part of a university of windsor study into the pandemic?s effect on local nurses has found many of them have left the profession in the past year, while others said they were counting down the days to retirement. ?most nurses we spoke to were tired, depressed, angry, and looking to get out, if they hadn't left already,? said uwindsor researcher dana m?nard, one of four uwindsor faculty members conducting the study. ?they are burnt out and beaten down.? the research project began in 2020 with interviews of 36 registered nurses working in windsor or michigan. the research team of psychology professors dr. m?nard and kendall soucie and nursing professors jody ralph and laurie freeman re-interviewed 19 of the nurses in recent weeks. in some cases, the interviews were precisely one year apart. ?these interviews were grimmer,? m?nard said. nurses said they felt ?disposable, replaceable, and expendable.? they themselves or their colleagues had taken early retirement, stress leaves, or had switched jobs. july 26, 2021 alex-andrei ungurenasu, also known as alexei, is the city of windsor's youth poet laureate through 2023. alexei, a fifth-year student in the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences who uses they/them pronouns, succeeds university of windsor alumna samantha badaoa (ba 2018), appointed the inaugural holder of the post in 2019. a double major in english literature and philosophy, alexei has found that both disciplines have influenced their writing. student wins recognition for proposal to promote awareness of disability july 23, 2021 attention deficit hyperactive disorder is an invisible disability, says drama student nadia gill. her three-pronged approach to destigmatize adhd earned her an award in the innovative designs for accessibility (idea) competition. sponsored by universities canada, the competition encourages university students to develop innovative, practical, and cost-effective solutions to address barriers and challenges for people with disabilities. gill?s project took third place in the category ?attitudinal/systemic barriers.? she proposed to drive dialogue on the issue by means of: a social media campaign to spread awareness about adhd; a seminar series for students, educators, and staff to enhance their knowledge; and a permanent resource hosted by a university on a web platform to act as an information hub for anyone looking to learn more. outdoor film fest to screen award-winning local documentary july 23, 2021 a film documenting the local history of the underground railroad is on the program of the windsor international film festival?s ?wiff under the stars? event this weekend. the north was our canaan was named best canadian documentary short at the international black and diversity film festival. the film focuses on those who crossed the detroit river into sandwich seeking freedom from slavery. stories about the abolitionists who made sandwich the base of their anti-slavery activism are told by descendants of those who undertook this daring quest to forge a new life in canada. directed by uwindsor alumnus anushray singh (mfa 2020) and produced by heidi jacobs and irene moore davis with the aid of a mostly undergraduate student crew, the project is part of a partnership between the essex county black historical research society, leddy library, and the centre for digital scholarship. professor wins more accolades for sandwich library project july 19, 2021 accolades continue to stream in for architect and uwindsor professor jason grossi for his work on the john muir public library. the newest branch of the windsor public library is one of three recipients of the ontario library association?s 2021 library architectural and design transformation award. the award was presented at a virtual ceremony july 14. the mill street building in windsor?s historic sandwich district opened in 2019. it is housed in a former firehall built in 1921 and a stable dating back to the 1850s. the reimagining of the heritage buildings was entrusted to grossi, principal at studio g+g inc. architect, and co-ordinator of uwindsor?s visual arts in the built environment program. article explores narratives of disease and disability in gay press july 15, 2021 an article published in the spring 2021 issue of disability studies quarterly and an interview on the disability history association?s podcast explore the research interests of uwindsor professor nicholas hrynyk, which include queer history, disability studies, feminist and gender studies, critical race studies, and visual culture. anxiety affects a child?s ability to read facial expressions, study finds july 14, 2021 there?s an association between anxiety disorders and a child?s ability to read facial expressions, uwindsor psychology professor lance rappaport and undergraduate student nicole di nardo write in an article in the latest edition of the journal of anxiety disorders. di nardo and dr. rappaport co-authored the article with researchers at virginia commonwealth university and the national institute of mental health in bethesda, md. it is based on a study involving more than 600 children aged nine to 14. the children were asked to look at images of faces and identify the feelings each expressed. july 13, 2021 nicole di nardo is in her 5th year of the honours psychology with thesis program. she started working in dr. lance rappaport's lab during her second year. internship program to engage students in community project july 14, 2021 after months of planning, an innovative new internship program in the faculty of arts, humanities and social science will provide students with a unique learning experience while supporting a community partnership to unlock the potential of local youth. the course will be led by professor geri salinitri, and co-taught by staff from the prosperus backbone at united way/centraide windsor-essex county. in this two-semester program, students will learn the theoretical foundations of community-based program evaluation, receive practical experience by engaging with community services, participate in human-centred design processes, and experience a program evaluation simulation. researcher seeking to shed light on inner workings of condominium life july 12, 2021 condominiums are ubiquitous, but research into their inner workings is not. uwindsor criminology professor randy lippert has made it is his mission to change that. he has just published his 11th book ? his second on condo governance ? and has landed a three-year grant from the social sciences and humanities research council of canada to delve into topics like how condo boards use smart technologies to monitor residents, and bylaws and other legislation to control them. ?the condo craze continues,? said dr. lippert. ?yet, what people don?t realize is that once you move into a condo, you are subjecting yourself to another level of governance? it can be a great thing, but in atmospheres that are more toxic, it can be awful.? magazine features professor?s art project july 12, 2021 uwindsor professor jennifer willet graces the current issue of visual arts news, a magazine exploring contemporary art practices. its summer 2021 edition, with a theme of solitude, includes a profile of dr. willet in an article by jane walker entitled ?life in silos: art, work and motherhood.? the cover features a photo by uwindsor alumnus justin elliott (bfa 2014, mfa 2017) of willet in her covid suit. july 6, 2021 katrina bahnam, ba (honours), law and politics with thesis 2021. president's medal recipient university of windsor president?s medal recipient katrina bahnam, ba (honours), law and politics with thesis 2021, says winning this award was a shock and a great honour. katrina says for her, the president?s medal is a gift for her parents in recognition of all the work and sacrifices they made so she and her brothers could achieve their goals. hear what?s next for this dynamic student. june 16, 2021 stephanie gon?alves, honours political science with thesis and modern languages with spanish option stephanie gon?alves is a june 2021 faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences graduate with distinction, earning an honours political science with thesis and modern languages with spanish option. she also earned a lead scholars' gold medal. june 19, 2021 calum hotchkiss, master of fine arts, film & media arts , 2021 calum hotchkiss, who graduated in june 2021 with a master of fine arts, film & media arts degree, is one of five university students across canada awarded the canadian cinema editors? student award of merit for his thesis film continuum. canadian cinema editors is the national honours association for practitioners; its awards are adjudicated by the top film artists in the country. ?there is no greater prize for a canadian film editor,? says nick hector, assistant professor of film production in the school of creative arts (soca) and an award-winning producer and editor. ?the cce student award of merit is an entr?e into the highest echelons of the industry. calum?s work will be seen by potential employers and open doors across canada.? share tweet save department e-newsletters school of social work, february 2022 e-newsletter school of social work, march 2022 e-newsletter events in fahss stitch 'n bitch fri, 04/08/2022 - 14:00 speaker series apr.8 fri, 04/08/2022 - 15:00 uwindsor jazz cabaret fri, 04/08/2022 - 19:30 mfa group show - traces mon, 04/11/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - traces tue, 04/12/2022 - 09:00 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
