https://play.google.com/store/movies/category/FAMILY
family - movies & tv on google play sign in hidden fields search movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide family movies action & adventure animation anime comedy documentary drama family horror independent indian cinema mystery & suspense thriller tv action & adventure animation anime comedy documentary drama family reality & game shows family ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 tv action & adventure animation classics comedy education music sci-fi & fantasy subgenres ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 tv action & adventure animation classics comedy education music sci-fi & fantasy home top charts new releases popular family films perfect for movie night see more shrek action & adventure winner of the first academy? award for best animated feature (2002), shrek sparked a motion picture phenomenon and captured the world's imagination with...the greatest fairy tale never told! shrek (mike myers) goes on a quest to rescue the feisty princess fiona (cameron diaz) with the help of his loveable donkey (eddie murphy) and win back the deed to his swamp from scheming lord farquaad. $4.99 harry potter and the philosopher?s stone action & adventure based on the first of j.k. rowling's popular children's novels about harry potter, the live-action family adventure film harry potter and the sorcerer's stone tells the story of a boy who learns on his 11th birthday that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards and possesses unique magical powers of his own. invited to attend hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry, harry embarks on the adventure of a lifetime. at hogwarts, he finds the home and the family he has never had. $4.99 moana action & adventure from walt disney animation studios comes moana, an epic adventure about a spirited teen who sets sail on a daring mission to prove herself a master wayfinder and fulfill her ancestors' unfinished quest. during her journey, moana (auli?i cravalho) meets the mighty demigod maui (dwayne johnson), and together they cross the ocean on a fun-filled, action-packed voyage, encountering enormous sea creatures, breathtaking underworlds and impossible odds. along the way, moana discovers the one thing she's always sought: her own identity. $4.99 sing comedy from illumination entertainment, the studio that brought you the secret life of pets comes an animated comedy about finding the music that lives inside all of us. sing stars academy award? winner matthew mcconaughey as buster moon, an eternally optimistic koala who puts on the world's greatest singing competition to save his crumbling theater; academy award? winner reese witherspoon as rosita, an overworked and underappreciated mother of 25 piglets desperate to unleash her inner diva; scarlett johansson as ash, a punk rock porcupine with a beautiful voice behind her prickly exterior; and taron egerton as johnny, a young gangster gorilla looking to break free of his family's felonies. sing is the musical comedy event of the year! $4.99 spider-man: into the spider-verse animation phil lord and christopher miller, the creative minds behind ?the lego movie? and ?21 jump street,? bring their unique talents to a fresh vision of a different spider-man universe, with a groundbreaking visual style that?s the first of its kind. ?spider-man: into the spider-verse? introduces brooklyn teen miles morales, and the limitless possibilities of the spider-verse, where more than one can wear the mask. $3.99 coraline family from henry selick, the visionary director of the nightmare before christmas,and based on neil gaiman's best-selling book, comes this spectacular stop-motion animated adventure! coraline jones (dakota fanning) is bored until she finds a secret door and discovers an alternate, better, version of her life on the other side. when this seemingly perfect world turns dangerous, and her other parents-including her other mother (teri hatcher)- try to trap her forever; coraline must use her resourcefulness, determination and bravery to escape this perilous world- and save her family. (original title - coraline) - 2008 focus features. all rights reserved. $4.99 the wizard of oz (1939) music in this classic musical fantasy, judy garland stars as dorothy gale, a young kansas farm girl who dreams of a land "somewhere over the rainbow." dorothy's dream comes true when she, her dog, toto, and her family's house are transported by a tornado to a bright and magical world unlike anything she has seen before. unfortunately, she makes a mortal enemy of a wicked witch when the house falls on the hag's sister. now, befriended by a scarecrow without a brain, a tin man with no heart and a cowardly lion--and protected by a pair of enchanted ruby slippers--dorothy sets off along a yellow brick road for the emerald city to beseech the all-powerful wizard of oz for his help to return home. $4.99 the lion king animation embark on an extraordinary coming-of-age adventure as simba, a lion cub who cannot wait to be king, searches for his destiny in the great "circle of life." you will be thrilled by the breathtaking animation, unforgettable academy award winning music (1994: best original score; best song, "can you feel the love tonight"), and timeless story. $4.99 toy story comedy set in a world where toys have a life of their own when people are not present, toy story takes moviegoers on a fantastic fun-filled journey, viewed mostly through the eyes of two rival toys - woody (tom hanks), a pull-string talking cowboy, and buzz lightyear (tim allen), a superhero space action-figure. the comically-mismatched duo eventually learn to put aside their differences when circumstances separate them from their owner, andy, and they find themselves on a hilarious adventure-filled mission where the only way they can survive is to form an uneasy alliance. $4.99 beetlejuice sci-fi & fantasy michael keaton, academy award winner geena davis, alex baldwin and winona ryder star in director tim burton's comic twist on supernatural horror tales--beetlejuice. when a couple of nice, young homebody ghosts (baldwin and davis) try to haunt the pretentious humans who have moved into their house, they ask for help from a demonic wraith (keaton) they cannot control in this comic fantasy that mixes the quick and the dead with a laugh and a fright. $4.99 most popular shows tv that kids love see more spongebob squarepants animation sesame street family paw patrol animation the owl house family the amazing world of gumball animation gravity falls family the loud house animation adventure time animation icarly comedy barney & friends family kids tv under $5 see more season 1 season 1 $4.99 pok?mon: the journey begins pok?mon: the journey begins $4.99 season 1 season 1 $4.99 oscar and friends collection oscar and friends collection $3.99 season 1 season 1 $2.99 season 101 season 101 $4.99 peppa celebrates peppa celebrates $4.99 season 1 season 1 $2.99 season 1 season 1 $3.99 dinosaurs in the big city dinosaurs in the big city $4.99 family movie bundles see more shrek 4-movie collection comedy get the whole story of the greatest fairy tale never told with all 4 shrektacular films, featuring the voice talents of mike myers, cameron diaz and eddie murphy! a hilariously hideous ogre rescues a feisty princess in shrek, meets his royal in-laws in shrek 2, rules the kingdom in shrek the third, and finds his world turned upside-down in shrek forever after. it?s an ogre-sized bundle of fun! $59.96$34.99 sing and the secret life of pets 2-pack comedy sing stars a dapper koala (matthew mcconaughey) in a musical comedy about finding your inner star. / the secret life of pets stars louis c.k., eric stonestreet and kevin hart and answers the question: what do your pets do when you?re not home? $34.99 frozen 2-movie collection animation join the adventures of elsa, anna, kristoff and olaf with this 2-movie collection featuring disney?s frozen and frozen ii. fearless optimist anna teams up with rugged mountain man kristoff and his loyal reindeer sven in frozen. together they embark on an epic journey filled with everest-like conditions, mystical trolls and a hilarious snowman named olaf in a race to find anna's sister elsa, whose icy powers have trapped the kingdom of arendelle in eternal winter. in frozen, elsa feared her powers were too much for the world. in frozen ii she must hope they are enough. together with anna, kristoff, olaf and sven, she'll face a dangerous but remarkable journey into the enchanted forests and dark seas beyond arendelle to uncover the origins of her magical powers. $34.99 lion king 2-movie collection action & adventure celebrate this coming-of-age masterpiece in two unforgettable ways! disney?s the lion king, directed by jon favreau, stays true to the original story while bringing its iconic characters to life in a way you?ve never seen before, using an all-new approach to create astonishingly lifelike visual effects that delight, surprise and amaze! then, experience the beloved original animated classic as it transports you to the pride lands and inspires generations of fans to find their place in the ?circle of life.? $45.98$30.99 illumination presents: dr. seuss? the grinch & dr. seuss? the lorax 2-movie pack classics catch up with your favorite dr. seuss characters in this illumination 2-movie collection, featuring dr. seuss? the grinch and dr. seuss? the lorax. the grinch tells the story of a cynical grump who goes on a mission to steal christmas, only to have his heart changed by a young girl?s generous spirit. the lorax is a hilarious tale about a young boy who searches for the exotic truffula tree and runs into the lorax, a grumpy but charming creature who protects the trees. heartfelt and visually spectacular, these illumination comedies are perfect for the whole family! $29.99 finding nemo/finding dory 2-movie collection animation pixar animation studios presents two epic undersea adventures filled with imagination, humor and heart in this dazzling 2-movie collection. when everyone?s favorite forgetful blue tang suddenly remembers she has a family, she, marlin and nemo take off on a life- changing quest to find them in finding dory. in finding nemo, marlin, an overly protective clownfish, embarks on a daring mission to rescue his beloved son, joined by his memorable friend dory! $45.98$30.99 illumination: 6-movie collection action & adventure illumination presents this one-of-a-kind 6-movie collection which includes despicable me, despicable me 2, minions, the secret life of pets, sing, and despicable me 3. $89.94$49.99 the incredibles 2-movie collection animation two incredible disney?pixar adventures in one super set! $45.98$30.99 cars 3-movie collection animation pixar animation studios presents a turbocharged cars 3-movie collection! in cars, hotshot rookie race car lightning mcqueen gets stranded in radiator springs, where he discovers that life is about the journey, not the finish line. lightning mcqueen and the incomparable tow truck mater head overseas in cars 2 to compete in the world grand prix to determine the world?s fastest car. in cars 3, lightning must face a new generation of racers?with the help of young race technician cruz ramirez! $68.97$43.99 toy story 4-movie collection action & adventure travel to infinity and beyond with woody, buzz and your favorite gang of toys in four unforgettable adventures?toy story, toy story 2, toy story 3 and toy story 4! $91.96$51.99 tv under $15 find a new favorite show! see more season 4 season 4 $18.99 vol. 6 vol. 6 $15.99 season 1 season 1 $35.49 book 3 book 3 $19.99 volume 1 volume 1 $24.99$9.99 season 1 season 1 $14.99 vol. 5 vol. 5 $15.99 season 1 season 1 $29.99 volume 3 volume 3 $19.99$9.99 volume 1 volume 1 $19.99 heroes vs. villains the incredibles + more see more star wars: a new hope action & adventure luke skywalker begins a journey that will change the galaxy in star wars: episode iv - a new hope. nineteen years after the formation of the empire, luke is thrust into the struggle of the rebel alliance when he meets obi-wan kenobi, who has lived for years in seclusion on the desert planet of tatooine. obi-wan begins luke's jedi training as luke joins him on a daring mission to rescue the beautiful rebel leader princess leia from the clutches of darth vader and the evil empire. $4.99 megamind comedy in this hilarious twist on the superhero movie, super villain megamind?s (will ferrell) dreams have come true when he conquers the city?s protector, metro man (brad pitt), gaining control of metro city. but when a new villain (jonah hill) is created and chaos runs rampant, the world?s biggest ?mind? and his comic sidekick might actually save the day. $4.99 hotel transylvania animation welcome to hotel transylvania, dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. $3.99 hercules action & adventure an outrageous odyssey of fun, fantasy, and adventure unfolds in the hilarious hit film hercules. taken from the gods as a newborn, adopted on earth, hercules becomes an awkward teenage pillar of strength. trying to fit in, he discovers his dad is zeus and home is mount olympus -- if he can move from "zero" to true hero! hercules teams with babyhood pal pegasus, the flying stallion, and phil -- a feisty personal trainer -- for the mission. but it's no easy task as he must match wits with grecian beauty meg and a comical hothead named hades. with the help of pain and panic, hades plans to rule the universe with only hercules standing in his way! with a bold animation style, colossal voice cast, and spectacular music, hercules is unmatched in strength -- delivering something for everyone. $4.99 the adventures of shark boy and lava girl action & adventure everyone always knew max had a wild imagination... but no one believed his wildest creations - a boy raised by watchful great white sharks and a girl with the force of a volcano - were real! now, these two pint-sized action masters will show max even an ordinary kid has what it takes to be extraordinary. ? 2005 miramax film corp. all rights reserved. distributed exclusively in canada by alliance films. all rights reserved. $4.99 star wars: the phantom menace action & adventure experience the heroic action and unforgettable adventures of star wars: episode i - the phantom menace. see the first fateful steps in the journey of anakin skywalker. stranded on the desert planet tatooine after rescuing young queen amidala from the impending invasion of naboo, jedi apprentice obi-wan kenobi and his jedi master qui-gon jinn discover nine-year-old anakin, a young slave unusually strong in the force. anakin wins a thrilling podrace and with it his freedom as he leaves his home to be trained as a jedi. the heroes return to naboo where anakin and the queen face massive invasion forces while the two jedi contend with a deadly foe named darth maul. only then do they realize the invasion is merely the first step in a sinister scheme by the re-emergent forces of darkness known as the sith. $4.99 hook action & adventure to rescue his children, an adult peter pan must return to neverland and battle an old enemy . . . and rediscover the child in himself. $3.99 the lego? batman movie animation in the irreverent spirit of fun that made ?the lego? movie? a worldwide phenomenon, the self-described leading man of that ensemble ? lego batman (will arnett) ? stars in his own big-screen adventure. but there are big changes brewing in gotham, and if he wants to save the city from the joker?s (zach galifianakis) hostile takeover, batman may have to drop the lone vigilante thing, try to work with others and maybe, just maybe, learn to lighten up. $4.99 star wars: the empire strikes back action & adventure discover the conflict between good and evil in the electrifying star wars: episode v - the empire strikes back. after the destruction of the death star, imperial forces continue to pursue the rebels. after the rebellion's defeat on the ice planet hoth, luke journeys to the planet dagobah to train with jedi master yoda, who has lived in hiding since the fall of the republic. in an attempt to convert luke to the dark side, darth vader lures young skywalker into a trap in the cloud city of bespin. $4.99 teenage mutant ninja turtles comedy four baby turtles come in contact with a mysterious substance called ooze and then are transformed into human sized crime fighters. the leader of the turtles is a human size rat who has come into contact with the same green ooze. the rat was a former pet of a ninja master and therefore uses his skills to train the four turtles in martial arts. they befriend a local journalist and with her help attempt to find the group behind a crime wave in new york city. $4.99 silly cartoons top tv comedies see more spongebob squarepants animation the loud house animation phineas and ferb family the fairly oddparents family bubble guppies animation courage the cowardly dog animation ed, edd n eddy animation curious george animation team umizoomi animation foster's home for imaginary friends animation storybook adventures paddington 2 + more see more paddington 2 family paddington, now happily settled with the brown family in windsor gardens, has become a popular member of the community, spreading joy and marmalade wherever he goes. while searching for the perfect present for his beloved aunt lucy?s 100th birthday, paddington spots a unique pop-up book in mr. gruber?s antique shop, and embarks on a series of odd jobs to buy it. hilarity and adventure ensues when the book is stolen and paddington and the browns must unmask the thief. $4.99 peter rabbit animation peter rabbit and family wreak havoc in hopes to win back the manor house of old mcgregor and the affections of their neighbor, bea. $3.99 matilda (1996) action & adventure matilda is the story of a remarkable girl with extraordinary intelligence. unfortunately, her stupid parents barely notice her and when they finally send her to school, it's to crunched hall, which is ruthlessly ruled by a sadistic principal. matilda's fortune changes when she discovers within herself the most unusal powers. ? 1996 tristar pictures, inc. all rights reserved. $3.99 dr. seuss' the lorax family the imaginative world of dr. seuss comes to life like never before in this visually spectacular adventure from the creators of despicable me! twelve-year-old ted will do anything to find a real live truffula tree in order to impress the girl of his dreams. as he embarks on his journey, ted discovers the incredible story of the lorax, a grumpy but charming creature who speaks for the trees. featuring the voice talents of danny devito, ed helms, zac efron, taylor swift, rob riggle, jenny slate, and betty white, dr. seuss' the lorax is filled with hilarious fun for everyone! $4.99 charlie and the chocolate factory comedy director tim burton brings his unique vision and sensibility to roald dahl's classic children's story in this lavish screen interpretation. willy wonka (johnny depp) is the secretive and wildly imaginative man behind the world's most celebrated candy company, and while the wonka factory is famously closed to visitors, the reclusive candy man decides to give five lucky children a chance to see the inside of his operation by placing "golden tickets" in five randomly selected chocolate bars. charlie bucket (freddie highmore), whose poor but loving family lives literally in the shadow of the wonka factory, is lucky enough to obtain one of the tickets, and charlie, escorted by his grandpa joe (david kelly), is in for the ride of a lifetime as he tours the strange and remarkable world of wonka with fellow winners, media-obsessed mike teavee (jordan fry), harsh and greedy veruca salt (julia winter), gluttonous augustus gloop (philip wiegratz), and ultra-competitive violet beauregarde (annasophia robb). over the course of the day, some of the children will learn difficult lessons about themselves, and one will go on to become wonka's new right hand. charlie and the chocolate factory also stars christopher lee, james fox, and noah taylor; the book was famously adapted to the screen before in 1971 under the title willy wonka and the chocolate factory, with gene wilder as the eccentric candy tycoon. $4.99 how to train your dragon animation this academy award?-nominated dreamworks animation film rolls fire-breathing action, epic adventure and big laughs into a captivating, fun and original story. hiccup is a young viking who defies tradition and befriends one of his deadliest foes ? a ferocious dragon he calls toothless. together, the unlikely heroes fight against the odds to save both their worlds in this wonderful, feel-good hit. $4.99 alice in wonderland action & adventure tumble down the rabbit hole with alice for a fantastical adventure! inviting and magical, alice in wonderland is an imaginative new twist on one of the most beloved stories of all time. alice (mia wasikowska), now 19 years old, returns to the whimsical world she first entered as a child and embarks on a journey to discover her true destiny. this wonderland is a world beyond your imagination and unlike anything you've seen before. the extraordinary characters you've loved come to life richer and more colorful than ever. there's the mad hatter (johnny depp), the white queen (anne hathaway), the red queen (helena bonham carter), the white rabbit (michael sheen) and more. a triumphant cinematic experience, alice in wonderland is an incredible feast for your eyes, ears and heart that will captivate audiences of all sizes. $4.99 holes family the award-winning bestseller comes to life in this phenomenally fun, adventure-filled movie starring emmy award-winner shia labeouf. dogged by bad luck stemming from an ancient family curse, young stanley yelnats (labeouf) is sent to camp green lake, a very weird place that's not green and doesn't have a lake. once there, he's thrown headlong into the adventure of his life when he and his colorful campmates -- squid, armpit, zigzag, magnet, x-ray, and zero -- must dig a hole a day to keep the warden at bay. but why? through it all, stanley and company must forge fast friendships as they try to unearth the mystery of what's really going on in the middle of nowhere. filled with humor and heartwarming messages of friendship and teamwork, holes is a treasure everyone will dig. $4.99 bridge to terabithia action & adventure tired of being bullied at school and neglected at home, jess aarons and leslie burke escape into the woods, where leslie opens jess's mind to the amazing kingdom of terabithia. it's a secret land where they reign supreme among the giants, ogres and other fantastical creatures they create. as their imaginations soar and their friendship deepens, they discover how to rule their own kingdom, fight the forces of darkness and change their lives forever. based on the newbery medal-winning book, bridge to terabithia will take you on a journey you'll never forget. $4.99 cloudy with a chance of meatballs animation focuses on a town where food falls from the sky like rain. 2009 sony pictures animation inc. all rights reserved. $3.99 best of disney eight decades of magic see more peter pan classics bid your cares goodbye as wendy and her brothers embark on fantastic adventures with the hero of their bedtime stories?peter pan! with faith, trust and tinker bell's pixie dust, peter teaches them how to fly and leads them to the "second star to the right" and beyond?to never land! $22.99$19.99 monsters, inc. family lovable sulley (john goodman) and his wisecracking sidekick mike wazowski (billy crystal) are the top scare team at monsters, inc., the scream-processing factory in monstropolis. when a little girl named boo wanders into their world, it's the monsters who are scared silly, and it's up to sulley and mike to keep her out of sight and get her back home. $22.99 wall-e animation the highly acclaimed director of finding nemo and the creative storytellers behind cars and ratatouille transport you to a galaxy not so far away for a cosmic comedy adventure about a determined robot named wall?e. after hundreds of lonely years of doing what he was built for, the curious and lovable wall?e discovers a new purpose in life when he meets a sleek search robot named eve. join them and a hilarious cast of characters on a fantastic journey across the universe. $22.99 monsters university animation disney?pixar proudly presents the hilarious story of how two mismatched monsters met and became lifelong friends in a movie screaming with laughter and oozing with heart. ever since college-bound mike wazowski (billy crystal) was a little monster, he's dreamed of becoming a scarer-and he knows better than anyone that the best scarers come from monsters university (mu). but during his first semester at mu, mike's plans are derailed when he crosses paths with hotshot james p. sullivan, "sulley" (john goodman), a natural-born scarer. the pair's out-of-control competitive spirit gets them both kicked out of the university's elite scare program. with their dreams temporarily dashed, they realize they will have to work together, along with an odd bunch of misfit monsters, if they ever hope to make things right. $22.99 hercules action & adventure an outrageous odyssey of fun, fantasy, and adventure unfolds in the hilarious hit film hercules. taken from the gods as a newborn, adopted on earth, hercules becomes an awkward teenage pillar of strength. trying to fit in, he discovers his dad is zeus and home is mount olympus -- if he can move from "zero" to true hero! hercules teams with babyhood pal pegasus, the flying stallion, and phil -- a feisty personal trainer -- for the mission. but it's no easy task as he must match wits with grecian beauty meg and a comical hothead named hades. with the help of pain and panic, hades plans to rule the universe with only hercules standing in his way! with a bold animation style, colossal voice cast, and spectacular music, hercules is unmatched in strength -- delivering something for everyone. $19.99 mary poppins family join the "practically perfect" mary poppins (julie andrews) for a "jolly holiday" as she magically turns every chore into a game and every day into a whimsical adventure. along the way, you'll be enchanted by unforgettable characters such as the multitalented chimney sweep bert (dick van dyke). you won't need a "spoonful of sugar" to love every moment of this timeless disney classic! $22.99 pocahontas action & adventure bursting with all the "colors of the wind," pocahontas tells the story of a free-spirited girl who wonders what adventures await "just around the riverbend." pocahontas -- along with her playful pals meeko and flit -- relies on the guidance of her loving and wise grandmother willow when english settlers arrive on the shores of their village. her chance meeting with the courageous captain john smith leads to a beautiful friendship that bridges the gap between two cultures, and changes history. $22.99 beauty and the beast animation join brave, independent belle on the adventure of a lifetime as she sets out to rescue her father---and discovers the enchanted castle of a mysterious beast. enjoy this timeless tale overflowing with unforgettable characters and music you'll never forget, universally acclaimed as one of walt disney animation studios' finest features. $22.99 a bug's life action & adventure journey inside the miniature world of bugs for bigger-than-life fun and adventure under every leaf! embark on an incredible journey with one little ant as he searches for a band of warriors to help him battle the grasshoppers who threaten his home. when he stumbles upon a bumbling troupe of circus bugs instead, their only hope for victory is the bond of friendship and the power of imagination. crawling with fun-loving characters and a star-studded voice cast, disney?pixar's a bug's life is an epic film of miniature proportions! $22.99 bambi (1942) classics bambi, walt disney's beloved coming-of-age story, will thrill audiences with its breathtaking animation and characters who will touch your heart: bambi, the wide-eyed fawn, his playful pal thumper, the loveable skunk flower and wise friend owl. $22.99$19.99 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
