https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/453/faq-students
faq for students | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for students return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for students faq for students faq for students academic how do i report an illness that will impact my ability to attend a class or complete an exam? given the potential for ongoing health-related concerns, the university has made the decision to extend the use of the student self-report of illness interface for the winter 2022 semester. all students* are asked to use uwinsite student to report an illness that will prevent them from attending in-person instruction, completing an assessment on time or taking an exam for a specific course. for detailed instructions, see the following knowledge base article at ask.uwindsor.ca. *students in the jd and dual jd programs as well as clinical nursing courses, field placement social work courses, and faculty of education students during their practicum placements, are asked to follow their faculty's and/or departmental/school procedures. as always, students are entitled to request accommodations based on medical or compassionate grounds, such as bereavement or serious mental or physical health circumstances, or unanticipated extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the student (e.g., jury duty, caring for an ill family member, labour disputes, etc.) (bylaw 54, 2.18 and bylaw 55, 1.11). determinations about whether and how to accommodate students who submit requests for consideration based on compassionate grounds will as usual be made by instructors and/or the associate dean, in keeping with any standard procedures within specific faculties and the senate bylaws. i'll be starting my post-secondary education at uwindsor soon. what specific information do i need to know? we're excited that you've chosen uwindsor for your post-secondary education. for the latest information on how best to start your lancer journey, visit future.uwindsor.ca you'll find detailed information on how to: attend virtual events & webinars explore available programs important dates access to live chat and frequently asked questions through ask.uwindsor.ca i'm returning to uwindsor. what specific information do i need to know? the student success and leadership centre has developed a re-orientation program for upper-year students, thrive @ uwindsor. the past year has been a year like no other and many returning students may still be trying to navigate life as a lancer. thrive was developed with feedback from students to provide information, tools and resources for student success. there will also be an opportunity to build a network with other lancers and make new friends. visit the thrive @ uwindsor website for more information. what are important dates that i need to know for registration? registration dates can be found on the important dates page of the uwindsor registrar website. how will the various course delivery modes affect my educational experience? the covid-19 pandemic has presented challenges to all facets of society. the very nature of how we all learn, work and live has changed. while the experience will be different, uwindsor is committed to maximizing on-campus experiences and opportunities with a return of our vibrant campus spirit and community. while our method of delivering programs has changed, our commitment to teaching and learning has not. you might wonder: is online learning as good as being on-campus? the short answer is yes, but it?s different. it can be a rich learning experience that in many cases can be more interesting, more engaging, more exciting, and is a multi-channel approach that is student-centred. at uwindsor you have the tools to belong, to do, to create, to have an impact on your world, and we?re here to help you along the way. we?re a resilient community that?s committed to your future and to making your learning experience a great one, no matter what the delivery method is. will course information include information regarding whether the class is face-to-face, online, hybrid or hy-flex? yes. this information is easily identifiable during course registration. to learn more about the registration process, visit the plan your program page, or, speak with an academic advisor. courses i am interested in seem to be offered in multiple course delivery modes, for example ?synchronous online? and ?windsor main campus?. what does that mean? in selecting the delivery mode for each of your courses via uwinsite student system, you will note that there may be more than one course delivery mode to select from (i.e. hybrid, face-to-face, online etc.). in these cases, you are welcome to select the mode that is most convenient for you. in the above example, online and face-to-face options are presented. students who are unable to wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. why am i paying the same fees for hybrid and online courses as i would for in-person learning? tuition fees support the cost of academic program delivery, which is not specific to mode of delivery. tuition fees are vital to maintaining the academic continuity and operations of the university, and to providing the student supports that are critical now and when we return to normal operations. we understand the covid-19 situation has brought about a number of challenges for our students. due to the covid-19 pandemic, the university undertook a complete review of all compulsory ancillary fees charged to students, including both what the fee provides and what benefits the student derives. the result of this review was the reduction of some fees and waiver of some financial policies as temporary relief measures. a student relief support fund has also been established to support students who are facing urgent financial hardship as a result of the covid-19 crisis. what plans are in place to assist with campus and procedures orientation? the student success and leadership centre has developed a re-orientation program for upper-year students, thrive @ uwindsor. the past year has been a year like no other and many returning students may still be trying to navigate life as a lancer. thrive was developed with feedback from students to provide information, tools and resources for student success. there will also be an opportunity to build a network with other lancers and make new friends. visit the thrive @ uwindsor website for more information. will classes continue to be offered online? information regarding course delivery for the upcoming semester will be made available closer to the date, as shifting health and safety protocols will need to be considered. what factors determined whether a class is set to be delivered online vs. in-person? can i expect to be in-person if my class size has small number of students? the university works closely and collaboratively with campus partners and the windsor-essex county health unit to ensure that we continue to provide services and experiences to our students in the safest way possible with a focus on an eventual return to campus. the university will be adhering to health and safety protocols including social distancing, masking and capacity limits for campus spaces. are there any resources for upper year students as we prepare to return to campus? the university of windsor has partnered with therapy assistance online (tao) to offer a selection of self-paced wellness modules that will help you manage difficult emotions, develop resilience strategies, and practice mindfulness. links to wellness modules can be found at www.uwindsor.ca/success/thrive. a course that i require is only available through the in-person course delivery mode with no online or hy-flex option, but i am not able to participate on-campus. what should i do? course substitutions are designed to address this issue. in some instances and with permission of their department head or associate dean, a student may be able to defer taking the course until a subsequent semester or year. students in their graduating year should contact their department heads or associate deans to seek a course substitution for the required course. protocols what's the best way to keep myself safe? the university of windsor's robust health and safety protocols and procedures are guided by local and provincial health guidelines to maximize on-campus safety. to protect yourself, be mindful of the following: get your next vaccine dose (optimally, the booster 3rd dose) once able to do so. wear a mask at all times, except when eating or drinking in designated areas. when outdoors, wear a mask if maintaining 2 metres of distancing from other individuals is difficult. be mindful of physical distancing when possible. practice good hand and respiratory hygiene. will i be required to be vaccinated in order to attend campus? yes. covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. how does the hy-flex course delivery mode promote safety? the hy-flex model ensures safety by keeping face-to-face classes within the classroom health and safety guidelines and providing an opportunity for synchronous learning. however, it is the combination of classroom capacities and the other protocols in place for the campus community that ensure overall safety. for example, there are guidelines for the shared use of equipment (e.g., sanitizing your hands before and after using equipment, the cleaning protocols for classrooms and high touch equipment by facilities services staff, the ventilation in rooms, wearing of masks etc.). are hy-flex instructors required to wear a mask while lecturing? what if they are standing behind a plexiglass barrier? hy-flex instructors must wear a mask while moving throughout a classroom. if positioned behind a plexiglass barrier, the instructor may remove their mask. this encourages audio clarity and visual annunciation cues which may enhance comprehension. is completing the safe lancer questionnaire still required for individuals who have been fully vaccinated? will fully vaccinated employees be required to still wear a mask? yes, completion of the self-assessment is a provincially regulated component that must be adhered to for all staff, visitors, and students. mask use will still be required in campus buildings and classrooms for all those on campus. with regards to data being collected through on-campus check-in qr codes, safe lancer app, etc., where is this data being stored, what purposes will it be used for, and what policies can we refer to in reference to its uses? the data being collected through the safelancer app and the qr scanners is stored on servers in canada for 30 days after which time it is deleted. the data will only be accessible by the health & safety department and may be shared with the local health unit for contact tracing purposes should there be any potential exposures to covid-19 on campus. what is being done to ensure that the maximum number of staff and students are vaccinated, per public health guidelines? covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. the university of windsor has also launched the take a jab vaccination awareness campaign empowering the uwindsor community to get vaccinated in order to support our return to campus efforts and promote the general health and safety of our community. how does the university plan to accommodate mask exemptions? if a person has a mask exemption, how will we know? as per the university of windsor non-medical mask policy, masks are required to be worn in campus buildings and classrooms. those who have mask exemptions will be provided with alternate work/learning opportunities and will not be able to enter a campus building or classroom. students who are unable to wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. campus activity what campus services are available? visit the available and remote campus services for a continuously updated and comprehensive list of campus services. will there be access to study spaces in the caw student centre or leddy library? yes. on-campus spaces will be open while adhering to public health guidance regarding building capacity. what mental health supports and resources are available to students? with the ?many challenges the covid-19 pandemic has presented, you may be experiencing increased amounts of stress and anxiety. it's ok to not be ok. please stay connected and reach out when you need help. see below for a variety of remote and online resources available. student counselling centre: 519-253-3000 ext. 4616 - counselling appointments available via videoconference or telephone. email: scc@uwindsor.ca student health services: 519-973-7002 - offering telephone appointments and prescription refills. wellness outreach office: office of student experience - live well on campus and access the resources available to you to support you in maintaining your wellbeing, mental health and balance. wellness e-digest - archive of monthly workplace welless e-newsletters. bright pass: get access to hundreds of live, virtual well-being classes each week, including fitness, mindfulness, nutrition, yoga, and keynote speakers. free to all uwindsor students through university of windsor students' alliance. good 2 talk: 1-866-925-5454 or text good2talkon to 686868 - 24 hour post-secondary student helpline. guard.me wellness and learning initiatives - professionally monitored webinars and weekly student support group via videoconferencing. (archive of past recordings) keep.mesafe: 1-844-451-9700 - confidential, free support to students. uwindsor my student support program page tao: therapy assistance online - online library of engaging, interactive programs promoting life skills and support to bounce back from disappointments or stumbling blocks in life. where can i find more information about student parking? visit the campus parking services website for the student parking permits page. what events are planned for upper year students, and how can i register to participate? we are planning to offer a mixture of virtual and in-person events, that will help you feel more connected as a lancer and hopefully help you meet some new faces! event details and registration information will be made available at www.uwindsor.ca/success/thrive. i?m going into my second year of studies and have not yet been able to see the university of windsor in person. is it possible for me to schedule a tour of the campus? campus tours tailored to upper year students will be offered in the last two weeks of august. students may also choose to visit the campus virtually. tours can be booked through www.uwindsor.ca/success/thrive. international students how will the university be supporting the intake of international students? the university of windsor will continue to support the intake of international students since the start of the pandemic. through the international readiness plan. we continue to update our communications to students as government mandated travel restrictions change. all incoming students continue to be supported before, during and after their travel to canada. the international student centre continues to be fully operational to support their needs and put the appropriate supports and referrals in place. this will potentially include an in person softlanding program in august and september, and a virtual international student orientation in september. the international student arrivals team will continue to answer question, guide and assist students through the quarantine and arrivals process, and support them each day of their quarantine. all students are also being encouraged to look for opportunities to become fully vaccinated through health canada approved vaccines before travelling to canada where possible. i am an international student and have questions regarding vaccination and travel requirements. where can i find more information? we welcome you to reference the covid-19 guide for international students. in addition, the international student centre (isc) website is an excellent resource for information on international arrivals for new and returning students. if you have not already done so, we encourage you to subscribe to the isc enewsletter for the latest information. you can make a request to subscribe via email at: isc@uwindsor.ca how is travel to canada affected? where can i find more information about the necessary steps? information about how to plan and prepare for travel to canada as an international student can be found here: https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/ share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
