https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/456/faq-research
faq for research | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information about research return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information about research faq for research faq for research protocols will i be required to be vaccinated in order to work on-campus? yes. covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. where can i learn about the steps uwindsor has taken to promote on-campus safety? uwindsor?s safe return to campus plan enacted robust protocols to keep uwindsor?s campus and community safe. to learn more, visit the covid-19 protocols, guidelines and resource documents page. how will students and others attending campus be screened for covid-19? for the latest information, visit the campus procedures - students and campus procedures - faculty pages. where can i find the most up-to-date health & safety information? a comprehensive list of covid-19 protocols, guidelines and resource documents can be found at this link. where can i find information regarding workplace accommodation? the workplace accommodation guide document provides an overview of the workplace accommodation process including the responsibilities of human resources, supervisors, employees and the union/association. it also highlights examples of potential accommodation needs within the context of the covid-19 pandemic. where can i find more information about parking for faculty & staff? visit the campus parking services website for the staff & faculty permits page. if we choose to suspend our parking pass until a later date, can we only park in areas that are pay and display? staff who suspend their parking pass will not be permitted to use the staff/student lots on campus. pay and display lot or street-metred parking is available. what should i do to ensure my computers are ready for return to campus? visit the return to campus: tech considerations webpage for more information. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
