https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/455/faq-staff
faq for staff | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for staff return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for staff faq for staff faq for staff protocols will i be required to be vaccinated in order to work on-campus? yes. covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. i have health & safety questions about my workspace. where can i find more information? the university, in partnership with health and safety and various action group teams have creating plans for a safe and gradual return to campus which adhere to all public health guidelines and protocols. these will continue to evolve. we invite you to reference the health and safety guidelines for return to campus document for further information. for specific questions about your work area, please contact the health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols page or contact your supervisor. where can i learn about the steps uwindsor has taken to promote on-campus safety? uwindsor?s safe return to campus plan enacted robust protocols to keep uwindsor?s campus and community safe. to learn more, visit the covid-19 protocols, guidelines and resource documents page. how will students and others attending campus be screened for covid-19? for the latest information, visit the campus procedures - students and campus procedures - faculty pages. will staff who are vaccinated be required to work closely with other staff and faculty who choose not to get the vaccine? what if we feel unsafe working in small spaces / office areas with them, even masked? covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. in addition, health & safety precautions are in place to ensure protection while on campus such as mask wearing, occupancy limits and physical distancing that must be maintained on campus, in addition to a number of other protocols. you can read more about these by review the covid-19 safety plan. is completing the safe lancer questionnaire still required for individuals who have been fully vaccinated? will fully vaccinated employees be required to still wear a mask? yes, completion of the self-assessment is a provincially regulated component that must be adhered to for all staff, visitors, and students. mask use will still be required in campus buildings and classrooms for all those on campus. what supports are available to support working remotely? you can find more information here: resources for staff working remotely where can i find information regarding workplace accommodation? the workplace accommodation guide document provides an overview of the workplace accommodation process including the responsibilities of human resources, supervisors, employees and the union/association. it also highlights examples of potential accommodation needs within the context of the covid-19 pandemic. how will we ensure safe movement throughout our buildings and availability of community protective equipment? through zone and flow analysis, optimum traffic flow routes have been determined and directional markings have been placed in all buildings. buildings where student classes and activities are planned are being reevaluated to ensure adequate entrances and exits, flow patterns in stairwells and hallways. this includes placement of hand sanitizer stations. where can i find the most up-to-date health & safety information? a comprehensive list of covid-19 protocols, guidelines and resource documents can be found at this link. where can i find more information about parking for faculty & staff? visit the campus parking services website for the staff & faculty permits page. if we choose to suspend our parking pass until a later date, can we only park in areas that are pay and display? staff who suspend their parking pass will not be permitted to use the staff/student lots on campus. pay and display lot or street-metred parking is available. what should i do to ensure my computers are ready for return to campus? visit the return to campus: tech considerations webpage for more information. will there be consideration given to allowing some staff to have a hybrid approach (work both at home and on campus) on a long-term basis? a flexible workplace task force is being formed to engage in meaningful dialogue about creating a more flexible workplace. the task force will work collaboratively to explore and recommend a strategy to offer flexible work arrangements beyond the covid-19 pandemic to those staff positions whose work is conducive to flexible arrangement. what is being done to ensure that the maximum number of staff and students are vaccinated, per public health guidelines? covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. in addition, the university of windsor has launched take a jab, a vaccination awareness campaign empowering the uwindsor community to get vaccinated in order to support our return to campus efforts and promote the general health and safety of our community. what are the precautions in place for photocopier used in shared work room in regards with safe return workplace? guidelines for the shared use of printers, photocopiers and fax machines are available on the resource documents page of the return to campus website. a number of health & safety related guidelines are posted along with specific information for supervisors and employees. how does the university plan to accommodate mask exemptions? if a person has a mask exemption, how will we know? as per the university of windsor mask policy, masks are required to be worn in campus buildings and classrooms. those who have mask exemptions will be provided with alternate work/learning opportunities and will not be able to enter a campus building or classroom. students who are unable to wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. campus activity how will the determination be made as to who is required to return to work on-campus and those who are able to continue to work from home? decisions will be made based on services required to support campus operations and the campus experience. supervisors will contact staff and ensure notice. what mental health resources and supports are available to me? the department of human resources has created a mental health resources page to connect faculty and staff to resources that support positive mental health. it includes: supports available through the employee and family assistance program delivered through morneau shepell. services, programs, and resources available in the community. helpful mental health information and resources. where can i learn more about staff initiatives? the virtual connections page aims to share opportunities for staff and faculty to connect virtually with colleagues while promoting health and wellness. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
