https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/454/faq-faculty
faq for faculty | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for faculty return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty teaching & learning classroom seating protocols campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty teaching & learning classroom seating protocols campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for faculty faq for faculty faq for faculty academic where can i find resources to assist with preparing to teach hy-flex courses? the following resources may be helpful in preparing to teach hy-flex courses: online introductory resources instructor workshops (a collaboration between the office of open learning (ool), information technology services (its) and the centre for teaching & learning (ctl), including hands-on training in hy-flex classrooms) orientation workshops for gas and tas through gata network, ctl, graduate studies, and ool hyflex teaching and learning grants email hyflex@uwindsor.ca for individual consultations technical support email hyflex@uwindsor.ca for any questions. bbcafe for virtual drop-in support ** onsite assistance will be available in each building during the teaching hours ** for technical issues, a teamdynamix ticket will lead to the quickest response. it is staffed until 8:30pm weekdays and 6:00pm on weekends. pedagogical concerns should be addressed to olcoursehelp@uwindsor.ca submit a ticket through this link. what considerations are being considered to hold the final exams on campus? all courses offered online will have online assessments. this is in keeping with uwindsor?s goal of being transparent to students at the time of registration. for guidance on alternative assessment methods, please reach out to the office of open learning. are hy-flex instructors required to wear a mask while lecturing? what if they are standing behind a plexiglass barrier? hy-flex instructors must wear a mask while moving throughout a classroom. if positioned behind a plexiglass barrier, the instructor may remove their mask. this encourages audio clarity and visual annunciation cues which may enhance comprehension. how does the hy-flex course delivery mode promote safety? the hy-flex model ensures safety by keeping face-to-face classes within the classroom health and safety guidelines and providing an opportunity for synchronous learning. however, it is the combination of classroom capacities and the other protocols in place for the campus community that ensure overall safety. for example, there are guidelines for the shared use of equipment (e.g., sanitizing your hands before and after using equipment, the cleaning protocols for classrooms and high touch equipment by facilities services staff, the ventilation in rooms, wearing of masks etc.). how do students report an illness that will impact their ability to attend a class or complete an exam? given the potential for ongoing health-related concerns, the university has made the decision to extend the use of the student self-report of illness interface for the winter 2022 semester (with the exception of students in the jd and the dual jd). see http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/577. as always, students are entitled to request accommodations based on medical or compassionate grounds, such as bereavement or serious mental or physical health circumstances, or unanticipated extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the student (e.g., jury duty, caring for an ill family member, labour disputes, etc.) (bylaw 54, 2.18 and bylaw 55, 1.11). determinations about whether and how to accommodate students who submit requests for consideration based on compassionate grounds will as usual be made by instructors and/or the associate dean, in keeping with any standard procedures within specific faculties and the senate bylaws. a course that a student requires is only available through the in-person course delivery mode with no online or hy-flex option, but the student is not able to participate on-campus. what should they do? course substitutions are designed to address this issue. in some instances and with permission of their department head or associate dean, a student may be able to defer taking the course until a subsequent semester or year. students in their graduating year should contact their department heads or associate deans to seek a course substitution for the required course. department heads and associate deans can request this on behalf of the student using the office of the registrar academic advising report course substitution form. for graduate studies, please use the faculty of graduate studies course substitution form. protocols will i be required to be vaccinated in order to work on-campus? yes. covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. where can i learn about the steps uwindsor has taken to promote on-campus safety? uwindsor?s safe return to campus plan enacted robust protocols to keep uwindsor?s campus and community safe. to learn more, visit the covid-19 protocols, guidelines and resource documents page. how will students and others attending campus be screened for covid-19? for the latest information, visit the campus procedures - students and campus procedures - faculty pages. will staff who are vaccinated be required to work closely with other staff and faculty who choose not to get the vaccine? what if we feel unsafe working in small spaces / office areas with them, even masked? covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. in addition, health & safety precautions are in place to ensure protection while on campus such as mask wearing, occupancy limits and physical distancing that must be maintained on campus, in addition to a number of other protocols. you can read more about these by review the covid-19 safety plan. is completing the safe lancer questionnaire still required for individuals who have been fully vaccinated? will fully vaccinated employees be required to still wear a mask? yes, completion of the self-assessment is a provincially regulated component that must be adhered to for all staff, visitors, and students. mask use will still be required in campus buildings and classrooms for all those on campus. what supports are available to support working remotely? you can find more information here: resources for staff working remotely where can i find the most up-to-date health & safety information? a comprehensive list of covid-19 protocols, guidelines and resource documents can be found at this link. how will we ensure safe movement throughout our buildings and availability of community protective equipment? through zone and flow analysis, optimum traffic flow routes have been determined and directional markings have been placed in all buildings. buildings where student classes and activities are planned are being reevaluated to ensure adequate entrances and exits, flow patterns in stairwells and hallways. this includes placement of hand sanitizer stations. where can i find information regarding workplace accommodation? the workplace accommodation guide document provides an overview of the workplace accommodation process including the responsibilities of human resources, supervisors, employees and the union/association. it also highlights examples of potential accommodation needs within the context of the covid-19 pandemic. campus activity will there be consideration given to allowing some staff to have a hybrid approach (work both at home and on campus) on a long-term basis? a flexible workplace task force is being formed to engage in meaningful dialogue about creating a more flexible workplace. the task force will work collaboratively to explore and recommend a strategy to offer flexible work arrangements beyond the covid-19 pandemic to those staff positions whose work is conducive to flexible arrangement. what should i do to ensure my computers are ready for return to campus? visit the return to campus: tech considerations webpage for more information. what is being done to ensure that the maximum number of staff and students are vaccinated, per public health guidelines? covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors who attend campus. in addition, the university of windsor has launched take a jab, a vaccination awareness campaign empowering the uwindsor community to get vaccinated in order to support our return to campus efforts and promote the general health and safety of our community. with regards to data being collected through on-campus check-in qr codes, safe lancer app, etc., where is this data being stored, what purposes will it be used for, and what policies can we refer to in reference to its uses? the data being collected through the safelancer app and the qr scanners is stored on servers in canada for 30 days after which time it is deleted. the data will only be accessible by the health & safety department and may be shared with the local health unit for contact tracing purposes should there be any potential exposures to covid-19 on campus. where can i find more information about parking for faculty & staff? visit the campus parking services website for the staff & faculty permits page. if we choose to suspend our parking pass until a later date, can we only park in areas that are pay and display? staff who suspend their parking pass will not be permitted to use the staff/student lots on campus. pay and display lot or street-metred parking is available. what are the precautions in place for photocopier used in shared work room in regards with safe return workplace? guidelines for the shared use of printers, photocopiers and fax machines are available on the resource documents page of the return to campus website. a number of health & safety related guidelines are posted along with specific information for supervisors and employees. how does the university plan to accommodate mask exemptions? if a person has a mask exemption, how will we know? as per the university of windsor non-medical mask policy, masks are required to be worn in campus buildings and classrooms. those who have mask exemptions will be provided with alternate work/learning opportunities and will not be able to enter a campus building or classroom. students who are unable to wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. what campus services are available? visit the available and remote campus services for a continuously updated and comprehensive list of campus services. what mental health resources and supports are available to me? the department of human resources has created a mental health resources page to connect faculty and staff to resources that support positive mental health. it includes: supports available through the employee and family assistance program delivered through morneau shepell. services, programs, and resources available in the community. helpful mental health information and resources. international students how will the university be supporting the intake of international students? the university of windsor will continue to support the intake of international students since the start of the pandemic. through the international readiness plan. we continue to update our communications to students as government mandated travel restrictions change. all incoming students continue to be supported before, during and after their travel to canada. the international student centre continues to be fully operational to support their needs and put the appropriate supports and referrals in place. this will potentially include an in person softlanding program in august and september, and a virtual international student orientation in september. the international student arrivals team will continue to answer question, guide and assist students through the quarantine and arrivals process, and support them each day of their quarantine. all students are also being encouraged to look for opportunities to become fully vaccinated through health canada approved vaccines before travelling to canada where possible. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
