https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/271/faq-immigration-visas?elqTrackId=a538ce7d17cf4712b70f7c06b258a5d7&elqaid=697&elqat=2
faq - immigration & visas | international student centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students international student centre international student centre immigration and visa international arrivals - new & returning new students health plans and services immigration and visa studying in canada working in canada entering and returning to canada inviting family members to canada making canada your permanent home visiting united states faq - immigration & visas student exchange opportunities resources for students getting involved faculty and staff resources events isc newsletter isc room reservations contact us faq international arrivals - new & returning new students health plans and services immigration and visa studying in canada working in canada entering and returning to canada inviting family members to canada making canada your permanent home visiting united states faq - immigration & visas student exchange opportunities resources for students getting involved faculty and staff resources events isc newsletter isc room reservations contact us faq uwindsor home international student centre immigration and visa faq - immigration & visas faq - immigration & visas what kind of legal documents do i need to study in canada? if you plan to study a degree, diploma or certificate program at the university of windsor, you will need a study permit to study in canada. you may need to have a temporary resident visa (trv) or an electronic travel authorization (eta) as well as a study permit, depending on your citizenship. your eta or trv will be issued to you at the same time as your study permit. you do not need to apply separately or to pay an additional fee. how do i apply for a study permit? in most cases, you must apply for a study permit before coming to canada. ensure that you have a letter of acceptance from the university of windsor before you begin the application process. you can apply for the study permit at the canadian visa office for your country, at a visa application centre or online. when should i apply for my study permit? you should apply for your study permit as soon as you receive your letter of acceptance. the times needed to process your application may vary among visa offices. check our application processing times for details. how long will it take to process my study permit application? the times needed to process your application may vary among visa offices. check our application processing times for details. do i need a medical exam to study in canada? you will need a medical exam, if you: o come from a designated country/territory for which canada requires a visa, o will be here for more than six months, or o are a medical student or intend to work in health care, or in another field that brings you into close contact with children or the elderly. can i come to canada on a visitor visa and apply for a study permit from inside canada? to study in canada, you must have legal status. you may be eligible to enroll in a general interest or a language course for shorter than 6 months in canada on a visitor visa. if you plan to study in canada in a degree, diploma, or a certificate program that is more than 6 months, you should apply for a study permit from outside canada. you may not be eligible to apply for a study permit extension from inside canada as a visitor. is a tuition deposit mandatory? you should check the study permit requirement of your country of residence/citizenship. different visa categories may have different requirements for tuition deposit. if a tuition deposit is required for the study permit application, you must fulfil the requirements in order to be eligible for the visa. if the tuition deposit is not part of the visa requirement, you must inquire with your department. if the program is very competitive, the program may require a tuition deposit to hold your place. current students can i return home or travel outside canada during my studies? yes. however, a study permit isn?t a travel document. it doesn?t give you the right to travel to canada. along with your permit, you need either a temporary resident visa (trv) or an electronic travel authorization (eta) to return to canada what documents should i bring with me when i return to canada? when you return to canada, you should have the following documents with you: - a valid passport - a valid study permit - a valid temporary resident visa (trv) or an electronic travel authorization (eta), if applicable - an enrollment letter (can be downloaded from uwinsite student) how do i extend my study permit? if you want to extend your study permit, you should submit the extension application 3-4 months prior to the study permit expiry date. to apply, you can use the templates available on the isc blackboard site. once your study permit is extended, you can apply for the trv renewal. how do i renew my temporary resident visa (trv)? if you want to extend your temporary resident visa (trv), you should submit your application 6-8 weeks prior to your travel date. to apply, you can use the templates available on the isc blackboard site. if your study permit and trv expires on the same day, you should only extend the trv after you have the study permit successfully extended. how do i renew my passport? please contact your country?s consulate or embassy in canada for instructions on how to extend or get a new passport. processing times differ by country. if your study permit, trv and passport will expire on the same day, you should get a new passport first, before extending your study permit and trv. can i stay in canada after my temporary resident visa (trv) expires? if your trv has expired, but your study permit is still valid, you can continue your study in canada. can i stay in canada after my study permit expires, if i have applied for a new permit? yes. you may remain in canada as a temporary resident until a decision is made on your new application, as long as your application was submitted prior to the expiry of your authorized stay. can i stay in canada after my study permit expires, if i haven't applied for a new permit? if your study permit has expired, you must leave canada. in some cases, you may be able to extend your stay inside canada after your study permit expires. however, you cannot study or work until your application is approved. can i work on campus? you may work on campus if you: - are a full time uwindsor student - have a valid study permit, and - have a social insurance number (sin). can i work off campus? you may work off campus if you: - are a full time uwindsor student - enrolled in a degree/diploma/certificate program that is longer than 6 months, - have a valid study permit, - have started studying, and - have a social insurance number (sin). you may not be allowed to work off campus even if you are a full-time student, if you are - an elip student - an exchange student - an visiting student - a student taking a general interest course - a student in a preparatory program how many hours can i work on campus? if you are eligible to work on campus, you may be eligible to work 24 hours/week or 240 hours/semester. for on campus employment regulations, please visit the hr department for details how many hours can i work off campus? once you are eligible to work off campus, you can work up to 20 hours per week while classes are in session as a full-time student. can i work both on and off campus at the same time? yes, if you meet the eligibility to work on and off campus. however, you should consider the following factors prior to working on and off campus: - will you have enough time to complete your assignment and projects? - will you be able to maintain good academic standing? - will you have time to maintain your social network? - will you have time to get involved in various events on campus and in the community? can i apply for a co-op/internship work permit? if you are in an academic, professional or vocational training program at the university of windsor that has a mandatory co-op/internship component, you may be eligible to apply for a coop/internship work permit. i applied to extend my study permit. can i travel outside of canada and return? yes, you can leave canada and return, as long as your visa or electronic travel authorization (eta) is still valid. if your visa or eta is expired, you should apply for and receive a new one before you leave. how do i change the employment remarks/conditions on my study permit in order to work off campus? once you fulfill the requirements, you can submit an application to change the condition on your study permit. the application the same as the study permit extension application. the application fee is $150 cad/person. the template is available on the isc blackboard site. when can i amend my study permit? if a canadian immigration officer made a mistake on your study permit or trv, you can submit an amendment application to fix the error. however, if your condition has changed and you would like to have a new study permit, you should use the study permit extension application. can i start working off campus as soon as i have landed in canada? no. you must wait until you have started your classes and fulfil the following requirements. you must: - be a full time uwindsor student - be enrolled in a degree/diploma/certificate program that is longer than 6 months, - have a valid study permit, - have started studying, and - have a social insurance number (sin). when should i apply for the post-graduation work permit? to apply for a post-graduation work permit, you must: - have completed and passed your program of study - received the final transcript and graduation letter from the registrar?s office. you do not have to wait until you physically receive your diploma or attend your graduation ceremony before you apply. you must apply before your study permit expires. how to apply for the post-graduation work permit? the isc will conduct the post-graduation work permit workshops every semester. the template is also available on the isc blackboard site. can i work while i am waiting to receive my post-graduation work permit? you can work full-time while waiting for a decision on your post-graduation work permit application if, at the time you submitted your application, you: ? had a valid study permit, ? had completed your program of study, ? were eligible to work off-campus without a permit, and ? did not work off-campus more than 20 hours a week during academic sessions. if your post-graduation work permit is refused, you must stop working immediately. can i work for any employer under the post-graduation work permit program? the post-graduation work permit is an open work permit. this means that you can work in any occupation anywhere in canada and change employers any time you wish. note: you may not work for an employer on the ineligible employers list. how to apply for a us visitor visa (b1/b2)? o step 1: complete a ds-160 application form online o step 2: schedule a visa appointment online o step 3: attend the interview the handouts about how to apply for a us visa is available on the isc blackboard site. can i apply for a us visitor visa (b1/b2) as soon as i arrive in canada? yes. however, it is suggested that international students apply for the us visitor visa after completing one semester of study in canada. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
