https://www.uwindsor.ca/bookstore/286/faq-online-orders-covid-19
faq online orders covid-19 | campus bookstore skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students campus bookstore campus bookstore in this section home find your textbooks textbook buyback faculty information shop home find your textbooks textbook buyback faculty information shop uwindsor home campus bookstore faq online orders covid-19 faq online orders covid-19 faq about online orders and the covid-19 virus the campus bookstore location is closed to customer traffic.. packages are being shipped out from our warehouse from monday to friday by ups. delivery times may be longer than usual. last updated on april 8, 2021 can i place an order? will the campus bookstore ship my package? yes, the campus bookstore is working hard to maintain a selection of course materials for the summer 2020 term and deliver them to canadians. in some cases, due to high demand, delivery times may be longer than usual. please avoid using delivery addresses for buildings that may be closed due to the current provisions (e.g. schools, office buildings). we are working with our vendor partners to temporarily prioritize course materials in all formats, so we can more quickly receive, restock and ship these products to customers. our teams are working to ensure availability of these course materials and continue to bring on additional electronic resources to deliver course materials to our customer orders. we are continuing to ship all available selection in our current inventory. curbside pickup / refund / buyback curbside services online order pickup refunds buyback available monday, tuesday and thursday. (by appointment is preferred) curbside services availability is subject to change without notice. curbside location will be provided within a booking confimation email. how can i place an order? first, search for your course number and select the titles that you wish and add to your cart. or search our online catalog for supplies, clothing, giftware, grad frames, etc. and add items to your cart. proceed to checkout and process your order. what's the status of my order and delivery? can i change the address on my order? you will receive a confirmation of your online order. your credit card will authorize the amount of your order, but your credit card will not actually be charged until the time of processing by our shipping team member. you can change the delivery address for an order by sending an email to bookstore@uwindsor.ca until it ships. if an order includes multiple items, each may have separate delivery dates and tracking information. if we sell out of a product after you have placed your order, we will contact you to see if you would like a replacement product. why are some items taking longer to ship? as covid-19 has spread, we have seen an increase in people shopping online. to serve our customers while also helping to ensure the safety of our associates, we have changed our logistics, transportation, supply chain, and purchasing processes to prioritize stocking and delivering course materials that are a higher priority for our customers and students. items that are not course material related, may take a little longer. can i still request a refund? yes, we are still processing refunds. mail in refunds: to start a refund, you must ship back items at your expense, ensure the items are securely wrapped, including the reason for the return, your name, your order number and your contact information. you must send this package by canada post or by ups only. otherwise we may never receive your package. we will contact you for any problems that are encountered. in-store refunds: please contact the campus bookstore to arrange for an in-store refund. share tweet save general search product search ? my basket view cart my web account how to checkout quick links covid-19 update access code redemption access code support buyback search & registry general reading books online course adoptions textbook search gift cards shop online - product catalogue apparel * giftware * supplies * sale items and more... resource links about us comments / inquiries / contact us hours & location payment options refund policy shipping information staff directory follow us share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
