https://engageuwindsor.ca/aspire-strategic-planning/widgets/105422/faqs#20020
faqs | 
aspire: together for tomorrow.
 | engage uwindsor
 our website uses cookies cookies help us to understand how you use our website so that we can provide you with the best experience when you are on our site. to find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy. manage cookies a cookie is information stored on your computer by a website you visit. cookies often store your settings for a website, such as your preferred language or location. this allows the site to present you with information customized to fit your needs. as per the gdpr law, companies need to get your explicit approval to collect your data. some of these cookies are ?strictly necessary? to provide the basic functions of the website and can not be turned off, while others if present, have the option of being turned off. learn more about our privacy and cookie policies. these can be managed also from our cookie policy page. strictly necessary cookies(always on): necessary for enabling core functionality. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. this cannot be turned off. e.g. sign in, language analytics cookies: analytical cookies help us to analyse user behaviour, mainly to see if the users are able to find and act on things that they are looking for. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. tools used: google analytics manage cookies social media cookies: we use social media cookies from facebook, twitter and google to run widgets, embed videos, posts, comments and to fetch profile information. manage cookies i'm ok with that manage cookies cancel ? ? skip to skip to skip to content jump to navigation search page outlines loading... ie10 and below are not supported. google chrome mozilla firefox contact us for any help on browser support you are here: home aspire: together for tomorrow. some content on this page may not display correctly. please enable javascript in your browser's settings and refresh the page. faqs goals of institutional strategic planning planning process: guiding principles goals of institutional strategic planning articulate a common vision, values, and priorities identify short and long-term goals establish benchmarks to measure progress establish public accountability reporting determine how resources and energies are directed give us all an opportunity for important conversations ? reconnecting and re-envisioning our futures as we return to campus a new strategic plan enables an institution to capitalize on opportunities to grow and thrive ? opportunities that we as a community decide are important to us. top of the page planning process: guiding principles be inclusive, engage the campus and community ensure lived experiences and goals of diverse communities are key to planning so that the ultimate strategic plan fosters an increasingly just, inclusive, equitable, and welcoming campus provide opportunities for the campus community to listen, learn and share strive for transparency through extensive and timely communications and numerous opportunities for input and feedback emphasize a process that encourages collective learning, supported by research and analyses drawing on multiple sources and forms of data. build stronger community engagement be inspirational, focus on excellence, impact, and growth be practical and recognize that in some cases a phased approach may be necessary top of the page
