https://www.uwindsor.ca/45/fast-facts
fast facts | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor about the university about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges university of windsor about the university fast facts fast facts the ed lumley centre for engineering innovation our history in 1857, assumption college welcomed its first students. this small, liberal arts college was the original predecessor of the modern university. in 1963, it affiliated with essex college, canterbury college, iona college and holy redeemer college to incorporate as the university of windsor, a non-denominational, autonomous degree-granting institution. in 2013, the university of windsor celebrated its 50th anniversary. academics the university of windsor offers 190 undergraduates programs, 65 graduate programs and six professional programs. faculty: 524 student/faculty ratio: 26:1 our students undergraduate and graduate: 16,321 (full and part-time students) international students: 23 percent of the student body from nearly 100 countries student:faculty ratio: 26:1 hours of service contributed to windsor-essex communities: 1.25 million our campus the university of windsor is a safe, urban campus covering 51 hectares (125 acres) in windsor, ontario. the main campus takes up just a few city blocks, making it ideal for walking or biking. the $112-million centre for engineering innovation opened to students in 2012. construction of a new parking structure and adjacent innovation centre was completed in fall 2013. a downtown campus in heritage buildings in the city centre was completed in 2015 with the opening of the centre for executive and professional education, as well as the school of social work in the former windsor star building. major reconstruction on the former armouries building is now complete and has preserved and restored architectural elements of the building, now home to the school for creative arts. the newly-built alan wildeman centre for creative arts is adjacent to the armouries and completes the arts precinct. our towns windsor is one of canada?s most ethnically diverse cities, with varied restaurants, friendly shops and ample cultural offerings just a quick walk, bike or bus ride away from campus. the bustling metropolis of detroit is right across the river. take the tunnel bus to detroit for an afternoon of shopping, a big concert or a professional hockey, baseball, football, or basketball game. our location at the intersection of north america gives our students the best of both worlds: a safe, small-town school with big-city amenities. lancer athletics the university fields 17 athletic teams that compete for provincial and national championships. in 2015, the women's basketball team captured its fifth straight canadian interuniversity sport (cis) title. the st. denis centre boasts indoor and outdoor tracks, a championship pool, a 2,000-seat indoor fieldhouse for basketball and volleyball games, and a new football and soccer stadium that features a fifa-approved artificial turf surface and seating for up to 10,000 spectators. more detailed information is available from the office of institutional analysis. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
