https://www.uwindsor.ca/viewmagazine/node/306
federal minister on hand for grand opening of essex core science facility | view magazine university of windsor alumni magazine features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs search form search features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs campus highlights tuesday, december 10, 2019 - 18:41 federal minister on hand for grand opening of essex core science facility kirsty duncan, canada?s minister of science and sport, joined interim uwindsor president douglas kneale and members of the campus community in june for the official opening of the essex centre of research (essex core). the core centre, which opened for use in december 2018 and connects to the existing essex hall, consists of three floors of open-concept lab space devoted to the following areas of research: ? advanced materials, including nano-technology and biometrics ? transitional health, which brings discoveries from the laboratory to the bedside, with particular emphasis on cancer ? medical physics, including medical imagining and diagnostic technologies the project was announced in january 2017 during an event with uwindsor alumnus navdeep bains mba ?01, minister of innovation, science and economic development. core received $14.95 million in funding from the federal government, $2.56 million from the province, and an additional commitment of $12.8 million from the university of windsor. ?i?m honoured to be part of a government that is putting science and research front and centre,? said minister duncan. ?this new, state-of-the-art energy-efficient science, research, and innovation facility is home to leading-edge research and development, which will create jobs in and around windsor and help improve the lives of canadians.? faculty of science dean chris houser says the new spaces, dedicated to research, innovation, and industry collaboration, support both undergraduate and graduate research, which he calls ?the most effective experience for students.? in addition to research labs, the centre?s hub and meeting rooms are intended as collaborative spaces to advance research undertaken within and between academic and industrial partners. ?this facility is the outcome of a unique multilateral partnership at federal, provincial, and university levels,? said dr. kneale. ?if i had to write out its equation for success, it would be: aesthetically stunning space + brilliant state-of-the-art functionality + human imaginativeness = unlimited research potential.? share facebook twitter linkedin email for daily campus news visit uwindsor.ca/dailynews more campus highlights campus highlights dr. robert gordon named president by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:36pm campus highlights chancellor invested with rites of office by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:17pm campus highlights stanley cup win makes adjustment to windsor grad?s resum? by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:12pm campus highlights study finds support program sets at-risk students on road to success by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:05pm campus highlights first woman to take reins as uwindsor chancellor by: idahary, jun 3 2019 - 6:29pm load more related stories feature uwindsor in reel time by: idahary, dec 11 2019 - 4:58pm feature continue to learn. continue to lead. continue to grow. continue at uwindsor. by: idahary, dec 11 2019 - 4:52pm campus highlights dr. robert gordon named president by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:36pm load more view magazine is produced by the university of windsor office of public affairs in tandem with the office of alumni and donor communications. our goal is to connect and inspire the uwindsor community through news and stories that build pride in our alumni, current students, faculty, staff, donors and friends. view contact view subscribe to view advertise in view (print edition) view credits and information alumni association board of directors links university of windsor home page university of windsor alumni association place of promise search form search popular tags fall 2018 university of windsor view october 2019 fall view 2010s 2000s 1990s 1980s 1970s marriages births fall 2017 in memoriam 1960s fall 2015 spring 2017 spring 2016 fall 2016 1950s uwindsor ? 2017 university of windsor
