https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentawards/425/financial-aid-important-dates
financial aid timelines | student awards and financial aid skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student awards and financial aid student awards and financial aid in this section home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home student awards and financial aid financial aid timelines financial aid timelines here are some important dates and activities, for the fall 2021, winter 2022 and summer 2022 terms, happening in student awards & financial aid. we encourage students to submit documentation well in advance of the start of each semester. due to volume, processing timelines increase at the beginning of each semester and students may have to wait 10 - 15 days for responses or for documents to be processed. following is a break down of our important dates: financial aid dates & activity important date event description status september 1, 2021 osap confirmation of enrollment starts our first confirmation of enrollment file will be sent to the government to confirm enrollment for eligible students where student. on-going september 30, 2021 law student award applications close law specific award applications will close on september 30, 2021. law students who wish to be considered for law specific awards must complete their uwinaward applications by september 30th. on-going october 15, 2021 osap application deadline - fall only the last day to submit a full-time osap application for students attending the fall only term. on-going october 31, 2021 uwinaward application/profile closes for majority of scholarships/awards students should submit their uwinaward profiles prior to october 31st to be considered for all awards or scholarships available at the university of windsor. here is the link to the "how to guide" on completing the uwinaward profile. applications may be submitted after this date however, the available number of awards will be significantly reduced. on-going october 31, 2021 continuation of interest free status students who are studying full time and are not currently in receipt of osap funding, but have previous loans, are encouraged to submit a continuation of interest free status form via their osap account. osap.gov.on.ca on-going november 5, 2021 osap appeal deadline - fall only the appeal deadline for fall only 2021 osap applications is nov. 5, 2021. on-going november 5, 2021 part-time osap application deadline - fall the last day to submit a part-time osap application for the fall 2021 term is nov. 5, 2021. on-going december 20, 2021 confirmation of enrolment begins confirmation of enrolment for the winter semester will begin. on-going february 15, 2022 full time osap application deadline - fall/winter & winter only the last day to submit a full-time osap application for the fall/winter and winter only term is feb. 15. 2022. apply for full-time osap 21/22 here. on-going february 15, 2022 bswd application deadline - fall/winter & winter only the last day to submit a bursary for students with disabilities (bswd) application is feb. 15, 2022. to apply, please contact your advisor in student assessibility services. on-going march 4, 2022 osap appeal deadline - fall/winter & winter only the last day to submit osap appeals for fall/winter and winter only appplications is march 4, 2022. on-going march 4, 2022 part-time osap application deadline - winter the last day to submit a part-time osap application for the winter term is march 4, 2022. apply for part-time osap here. on-going april 1, 2022 continuation of interest free status deadline the last day to submit a continuation of interest free status (cifs) application for the fall/winter & winter only terms is april 1, 2022. submit a continuation of interest free status application here. not yet open may 5, 2022 confirmation of enrolment begins confirmation of enrolment for the summer semester: may - august, will begin. not yet open may 9, 2022 deadline: intersession only the last day to submit an extension application for osap for those students enrolled in intersession courses only - full or part-time. this is also the appeal deadline. last day to submit a bursary for students with disabilities (bswd) application for intersession only. not yet open june 15, 2022 deadline: new osap applicants for summer and intersession the last day to submit a new online application for osap for those students enrolled in both summer and intersession courses. on-going june 30, 2022 deadline: uwinaward application/profile students should submit their uwinaward profiles prior to june 15 to be considered for all summer term awards or scholarships available at the university of windsor. here is the link to the "how to guide" on completing the uwinaward profile. not yet open july 6, 2022 deadline: summer only the last day to submit an extension application for osap for those students enrolled in summer courses only or those enrolled in both summer and intersession courses - full or part-time. this is also the appeal deadline. last day to submit a bursary for students with disabilities (bswd) application for those enrolled in both summer and intersession courses only. not yet open services available: phone you may reach our office at: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3300 service effective march 28, 2022: monday, tuesday & friday: 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. wednesday & thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.; 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. email please direct your initial question to ask.uwindsor.ca as there may be a knowledge base article that may answer your question. in order to better assist you, always please include your uwindsor student number in your communications. students should complete their uwinaward student application/profile via uwinsite student > student homepage > award profile to be matched with eligible funding opportunities. additional information for domestic students who are experiencing financial hardship. additional information for international students who are experiencing financial hardship. sending in documents documents may be faxed, sent as an attachment through ask.uwindsor.ca, placed in our drop-box located in the lobby of cht or mailed to: student awards & financial aid university of windsor 401 sunset ave. cht room 102 windsor, on n9h 1g3 fax: (519) 973-7087 https://ask.uwindsor.ca/ visit us to visit the student awards & financial aid office, the following steps must be taken: 1) complete the safe lancer app to receive your green approved badge. for additional information on the protocols that are in place to visit the campus in person, click here. information on the 'return to campus' procedures and 'vaccination policy' can be found on the university of windsor website https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/. if you do not have a green badge, you can't visit us in person and you will need to address your issue using one of our remote services available. 2) proceed to campus only if you have completed the safe lancer app and have an approved badge. access to chrysler hall tower is available by entering through the north doors of chyrsler hall north, facing the leddy library parking lot or, with a student id access card, via the main doors to chrysler hall tower, on monday - thursday, between the hours of 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 3) remember, students may drop off documents in our drop-box located in the lobby of chrylser hall tower and do not need to get in the queue to complete this task. 4) be sure that you have government issued photo id or your uwin id card. we will not be able to serve you in person if you don't have proper identification. 5) once you are cleared to visit the campus, scan the qr code below using a mobile device or click on the qr code. use our queing system to register and to place yourself in our virtual line in order to visit the office for in-person service related to your government financial aid file, scholarships or bursaries. we are available for in-person service during the following hours: safa service hours: day open close monday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm tuesday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm wednesday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm thursday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm friday ----- ------ remote services only. book an appointment if you feel that you need to talk to someone about your situation, please take the following steps: 1) try asking your question using https://ask.uwindsor.ca. we have many knowledge base articles that might be able to assit you with you question. 2) log in to https://ask.uwindsor.ca to submit a service request and a student awards or financial aid representative will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. 3) call our office during our phone service hours. a student award or financial aid representative may be able to resolve your issue over the phone. 4) if options 1) through 3) do not resolve your issue, through option 2) or 3), we will schedule you a virtual teams meeting/appointment with a student awards or financial aid specialist for a time that is mutually convenient. drop-in sessions/uwinaward profile/application uwinaward profile/application support here is the schedule for our virtual drop-in sessions available for students who require assistance with their uwinaward profile/application for bursary and scholarship applications. ______________________________________________________ general support for the week of january 10th, we will be hosting 4 drop-in sessions to answers general financial aid related inquiries to assist students with any questions that they may have regarding regarding winter 2022 financial aid. prospective students who have questions about financial aid availability for the 2022-23 are also encouraged to attend. the schedule for these drop-in sessions can be found here. important notes: we will attempt to return messages and service requests within 2 business days where possible. in september, january & may however, our response time may be closer to 7-10 business days. please do not leave/send multiple messages/emails as this will delay our response time. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter financial aid deadlines 2021-2022 financial aid deadlines 2020-2021 financial aid deadlines canada revenue agency students and income tax guide resources students & filing income tax forms and guides for students helpful videos for students international students financial aid news & updates impact of alternative grading system on osap it is recognized that dropping or withdrawing from course(s) may be necessary to avoid academic standing issues. if you are receiving student financial aid, dropping or withdrawing from course(s) could have both immediate, and future financial implications. prior to dropping or withdrawing from course(s), ensure you understand the impact to your financial aid eligibility and assessment. contact the student awards and financial aid office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform for further details. impact of alternative grading system on scholarship renewal for renewable scholarship eligibility, students must remain registered in a minimum *60% course load each semester (*covid exception policy for 2020/21 and 2021/22 academic years) and maintain the minimum cumulative average required for their respective awards. if you are considering either the pass/no pass or voluntary withdrawal (vwc) option as outlined in the recent email regarding the alternative grading system, you may wish to submit a service request to our office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform to discuss the possible impact on your scholarship renewal eligibility. share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
