https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentawards/418/emergency-bursary-funding
financial hardship assistance | student awards and financial aid skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student awards and financial aid student awards and financial aid covid-19 updates home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home student awards and financial aid covid-19 updates financial hardship assistance financial hardship assistance occasionally, students are faced with unexpected situations which may lead to immediate financial constraints. the university of windsor has financial hardship support to assist students during a temporary and unexpected period of financial difficulty. how much funding is available? with the current covid-19 pandemic, we understand that many students may need additional financial support. students should complete their uwinaward student application/profile via uwinsite student > student homepage > award profile to be matched with eligible funding opportunities. additional information for domestic students who are experiencing financial hardship. additional informaiton for international students who are experiencing financial hardship. students who are experiencing an immediate financial hardship situation should apply to the emergency bursary support (hardship) through the uwinaward profile/application process. please note that having a tuition balance owing and being unable to register for an upcoming academic term does not necessarily constitute an immediate financial hardship situation. it is expected that students are planning accordingly and ensuring that they have a financial plan in place in advance of the start of the academic term. domestic students should be following the 'steps to financial aid' to prepare in advance for the academic year. students impacted by the current russia/ukraine crisis are eligible to apply. what other resources are available? check your student account balance on uwinsite student to determine if you have a credit balance. if so, request a refund. donor-sponsored in-course bursary and scholarship allocations will continue until the end of april; request potential funding from parents or family members; contact your landlord to request an extension or partial payment on your rent payment. ontario has temporarily suspended the ability for landlords to evict tenants. please refer to the latest information. this is the number for the ontario landlord tenant board that handles tenants? rights: 1-888-332-3234; consider how you can pay your utility costs and be aware of allowances put in place to protect you from automatic shutoffs; consider your current work/earning situation. if you are working and earning a paycheque, consider how you can budget to meet your food and rent demands; if you lost your job directly due to the covid-19 pandemic, you should first review the canada emergency response benefit (cerb) website to see if you qualify. if you do, then you may not be considered for bursary support. if you do not qualify, you must provide documentation as part of your application to confirm that you are not eligible i.e. notice of assessment from cra for 2019 or 2019 t4?s; if you are a student, you may be eligible for the canada emergency student benefit (cesb). review the criteria to determine your eligibility. if you qualify, you may not be eligible for bursary support. share available food resources with your roommates or check with the uwsa food pantry for support and hours of operation. if you intend on taking courses during the intersession and/or summer session period, osap extensions are now available for students who are studying full-time (60% or more of a full course load or 40% of a full course load for students with a permanent disability). students who are studying part-time or taking 40% of a full course load may be eligible to apply through the osap part-time program. other information: here is a list of other resources that may be able to assist you: visit http://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus for the latest information. if you need to talk to someone, you can access confidential support 24/7 by downloading the ?my ssp? app http://www.uwindsor.ca/studentexperience/500/my-student-support-program. additional wellness resources are listed on the www.uwindsor.ca/wellness webpages. services available: phone you may reach our office at: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3300 service effective march 28, 2022: monday, tuesday & friday: 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. wednesday & thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.; 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. email please direct your initial question to ask.uwindsor.ca as there may be a knowledge base article that may answer your question. in order to better assist you, always please include your uwindsor student number in your communications. students should complete their uwinaward student application/profile via uwinsite student > student homepage > award profile to be matched with eligible funding opportunities. additional information for domestic students who are experiencing financial hardship. additional information for international students who are experiencing financial hardship. sending in documents documents may be faxed, sent as an attachment through ask.uwindsor.ca, placed in our drop-box located in the lobby of cht or mailed to: student awards & financial aid university of windsor 401 sunset ave. cht room 102 windsor, on n9h 1g3 fax: (519) 973-7087 https://ask.uwindsor.ca/ visit us to visit the student awards & financial aid office, the following steps must be taken: 1) complete the safe lancer app to receive your green approved badge. for additional information on the protocols that are in place to visit the campus in person, click here. information on the 'return to campus' procedures and 'vaccination policy' can be found on the university of windsor website https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/. if you do not have a green badge, you can't visit us in person and you will need to address your issue using one of our remote services available. 2) proceed to campus only if you have completed the safe lancer app and have an approved badge. access to chrysler hall tower is available by entering through the north doors of chyrsler hall north, facing the leddy library parking lot or, with a student id access card, via the main doors to chrysler hall tower, on monday - thursday, between the hours of 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 3) remember, students may drop off documents in our drop-box located in the lobby of chrylser hall tower and do not need to get in the queue to complete this task. 4) be sure that you have government issued photo id or your uwin id card. we will not be able to serve you in person if you don't have proper identification. 5) once you are cleared to visit the campus, scan the qr code below using a mobile device or click on the qr code. use our queing system to register and to place yourself in our virtual line in order to visit the office for in-person service related to your government financial aid file, scholarships or bursaries. we are available for in-person service during the following hours: safa service hours: day open close monday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm tuesday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm wednesday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm thursday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm friday ----- ------ remote services only. book an appointment if you feel that you need to talk to someone about your situation, please take the following steps: 1) try asking your question using https://ask.uwindsor.ca. we have many knowledge base articles that might be able to assit you with you question. 2) log in to https://ask.uwindsor.ca to submit a service request and a student awards or financial aid representative will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. 3) call our office during our phone service hours. a student award or financial aid representative may be able to resolve your issue over the phone. 4) if options 1) through 3) do not resolve your issue, through option 2) or 3), we will schedule you a virtual teams meeting/appointment with a student awards or financial aid specialist for a time that is mutually convenient. drop-in sessions/uwinaward profile/application uwinaward profile/application support here is the schedule for our virtual drop-in sessions available for students who require assistance with their uwinaward profile/application for bursary and scholarship applications. ______________________________________________________ general support for the week of january 10th, we will be hosting 4 drop-in sessions to answers general financial aid related inquiries to assist students with any questions that they may have regarding regarding winter 2022 financial aid. prospective students who have questions about financial aid availability for the 2022-23 are also encouraged to attend. the schedule for these drop-in sessions can be found here. important notes: we will attempt to return messages and service requests within 2 business days where possible. in september, january & may however, our response time may be closer to 7-10 business days. please do not leave/send multiple messages/emails as this will delay our response time. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter financial aid deadlines 2021-2022 financial aid deadlines 2020-2021 financial aid deadlines canada revenue agency students and income tax guide resources students & filing income tax forms and guides for students helpful videos for students international students financial aid news & updates impact of alternative grading system on osap it is recognized that dropping or withdrawing from course(s) may be necessary to avoid academic standing issues. if you are receiving student financial aid, dropping or withdrawing from course(s) could have both immediate, and future financial implications. prior to dropping or withdrawing from course(s), ensure you understand the impact to your financial aid eligibility and assessment. contact the student awards and financial aid office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform for further details. impact of alternative grading system on scholarship renewal for renewable scholarship eligibility, students must remain registered in a minimum *60% course load each semester (*covid exception policy for 2020/21 and 2021/22 academic years) and maintain the minimum cumulative average required for their respective awards. if you are considering either the pass/no pass or voluntary withdrawal (vwc) option as outlined in the recent email regarding the alternative grading system, you may wish to submit a service request to our office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform to discuss the possible impact on your scholarship renewal eligibility. share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
