https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentawards/financial-aid-pt
financial aid for part-time students | student awards and financial aid skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student awards and financial aid student awards and financial aid in this section home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home student awards and financial aid financial aid for part-time students financial aid for part-time students information for part-time students students taking 20% - 59% of a full course may be eligible for financial assistance to help with direct educational costs only such as tuition, incidental fees and books. a student who is studying on a part-time basis who is applying to one of the programs noted below is not eligible for a living allowance. important note for students taking 60% of a full course load the university of windsor considers you a part-time student however for osap purposes, you are considered full-time and are eligible to apply for the osap full-time program. as the university of windsor does consider you a part-time student, you can be considered for part-time bursaries with the exception of the university of windsor bursary for part-time students. taking 60% of a full course load and receiving osap full-time allows you to be considered under the university of windsor in-course bursary program. students can apply for part-time student loan-grant assistance. students who meet the eligibility requirements may also apply for the university of windsor institution-funded special bursary program. students can not receive funding from both programs at the same time (same term). students can however, receive funding from both programs with the same academic year depending on their circumstances. students must apply by 'semester' only. we do not generally approve part-time funding on an academic year basis. when a student applies on-line, it should be by term i.e. fall only, winter only, summer only. if a student inadvertently applies for the full academic year, our office will restrict the application to one term only. subsequent applications i.e. winter only must be submitted in the form a paper osap part-time application. provided that a student applies on-line 'by term', subsequent applications can be submitted on-line. for further clarification, please contact our office. maintaining eligibility for part-time funding to continue to be eligible for part-time funding, a student must successfully complete all of the courses for which part-time funding was issued students who have not successfully completed all courses may be reinstated to receive part-time funding for subsequent study periods provided they successfully complete one semester funded through their own resources. this applies to both part-time loan and grants (including the canada student grant for part-time studies and the ontario part-time grant) in addition to the uwindsor institutuion-funded special bursary program. which program do i apply for? if you are taking part-time studies due to family responsibilities and/or low income and you have never accessed osap funding under the full-time program before, you may be eligible to apply for the university of windsor institution-funded special bursary program. if you receive osap assistance under the full-time program during the academic year and you need to take part-time studies to catch up or if you only need one course to graduate, then you may be eligible to apply for the part-time student loan/grant program. information on the part-time canada student loan program information on the part-time canada study grant program apply on-line (one application for both the canada student loan and canada study grant) or download osap application (search 'part-time' for the osap part-time paper application) information and application for the university of windsor institution-funded special bursary program university of windsor part-time bursary students who may not qualify for government sponsored loans or grants for part-time studies due to restriction issues or any other issue other than that 'financial need could not be determined due to income', can apply for the university of windsor part-time bursary via the award search option on uwinsite student. the university of windsor part-time bursary can provide financial assistance for up to $300 per course taken. students will need to have the resources to cover the remaining tuition and fees outstanding. organization of part-time students (opus) & other part-time bursaries many organizations and donors sponsor scholarships and bursaries for part-time students. if you 'search for awards' on uwinsite student as a part-time student (taking 60% or less of a full course load), these awards will appear on your search results. you may also view a list of awards in .pdf format. services available: phone you may reach our office at: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3300 service effective march 28, 2022: monday, tuesday & friday: 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. wednesday & thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.; 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. email please direct your initial question to ask.uwindsor.ca as there may be a knowledge base article that may answer your question. in order to better assist you, always please include your uwindsor student number in your communications. students should complete their uwinaward student application/profile via uwinsite student > student homepage > award profile to be matched with eligible funding opportunities. additional information for domestic students who are experiencing financial hardship. additional information for international students who are experiencing financial hardship. sending in documents documents may be faxed, sent as an attachment through ask.uwindsor.ca, placed in our drop-box located in the lobby of cht or mailed to: student awards & financial aid university of windsor 401 sunset ave. cht room 102 windsor, on n9h 1g3 fax: (519) 973-7087 https://ask.uwindsor.ca/ visit us to visit the student awards & financial aid office, the following steps must be taken: 1) complete the safe lancer app to receive your green approved badge. for additional information on the protocols that are in place to visit the campus in person, click here. information on the 'return to campus' procedures and 'vaccination policy' can be found on the university of windsor website https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/. if you do not have a green badge, you can't visit us in person and you will need to address your issue using one of our remote services available. 2) proceed to campus only if you have completed the safe lancer app and have an approved badge. access to chrysler hall tower is available by entering through the north doors of chyrsler hall north, facing the leddy library parking lot or, with a student id access card, via the main doors to chrysler hall tower, on monday - thursday, between the hours of 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 3) remember, students may drop off documents in our drop-box located in the lobby of chrylser hall tower and do not need to get in the queue to complete this task. 4) be sure that you have government issued photo id or your uwin id card. we will not be able to serve you in person if you don't have proper identification. 5) once you are cleared to visit the campus, scan the qr code below using a mobile device or click on the qr code. use our queing system to register and to place yourself in our virtual line in order to visit the office for in-person service related to your government financial aid file, scholarships or bursaries. we are available for in-person service during the following hours: safa service hours: day open close monday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm tuesday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm wednesday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm thursday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm friday ----- ------ remote services only. book an appointment if you feel that you need to talk to someone about your situation, please take the following steps: 1) try asking your question using https://ask.uwindsor.ca. we have many knowledge base articles that might be able to assit you with you question. 2) log in to https://ask.uwindsor.ca to submit a service request and a student awards or financial aid representative will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. 3) call our office during our phone service hours. a student award or financial aid representative may be able to resolve your issue over the phone. 4) if options 1) through 3) do not resolve your issue, through option 2) or 3), we will schedule you a virtual teams meeting/appointment with a student awards or financial aid specialist for a time that is mutually convenient. drop-in sessions/uwinaward profile/application uwinaward profile/application support here is the schedule for our virtual drop-in sessions available for students who require assistance with their uwinaward profile/application for bursary and scholarship applications. ______________________________________________________ general support for the week of january 10th, we will be hosting 4 drop-in sessions to answers general financial aid related inquiries to assist students with any questions that they may have regarding regarding winter 2022 financial aid. prospective students who have questions about financial aid availability for the 2022-23 are also encouraged to attend. the schedule for these drop-in sessions can be found here. important notes: we will attempt to return messages and service requests within 2 business days where possible. in september, january & may however, our response time may be closer to 7-10 business days. please do not leave/send multiple messages/emails as this will delay our response time. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter financial aid deadlines 2021-2022 financial aid deadlines 2020-2021 financial aid deadlines canada revenue agency students and income tax guide resources students & filing income tax forms and guides for students helpful videos for students international students financial aid news & updates impact of alternative grading system on osap it is recognized that dropping or withdrawing from course(s) may be necessary to avoid academic standing issues. if you are receiving student financial aid, dropping or withdrawing from course(s) could have both immediate, and future financial implications. prior to dropping or withdrawing from course(s), ensure you understand the impact to your financial aid eligibility and assessment. contact the student awards and financial aid office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform for further details. impact of alternative grading system on scholarship renewal for renewable scholarship eligibility, students must remain registered in a minimum *60% course load each semester (*covid exception policy for 2020/21 and 2021/22 academic years) and maintain the minimum cumulative average required for their respective awards. if you are considering either the pass/no pass or voluntary withdrawal (vwc) option as outlined in the recent email regarding the alternative grading system, you may wish to submit a service request to our office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform to discuss the possible impact on your scholarship renewal eligibility. share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
