https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/473/campus-go
find your way around campus. | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus available and remote campus services return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services make a reservation campusgo institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services make a reservation campusgo institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus available and remote campus services find your way around campus. find your way around campus. download the all-new free app that makes navigating campus quick and easy, campusgo! campusgo is also available through your mobile device and or desktop browser. accurate, convenient indoor and outdoor wayfinding of the uwindsor campus is at your fingertips. search the campus directory, building and room list and go! getting where you're going works just like gps navigation with turn-by-turn directions directly to your destination. find building, classrooms and on-campus services with campusgo! indoor navigation is precise to within 3 metres. you'll never get lost on campus again! campusgo will also provide information on: accessible entrances using key2access technology accessible parking space locations visitors parking locations of campus emergency call stations campusgo is an essential app for the entire uwindsor community. park it right next to your safe lancer app. return to campus designated building entrances and locations of qr code scanners are easily found within the interactive campus map. don't just visit campus... explore! quickly and easily with campusgo! share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
