https://www.uwindsor.ca/124/fine-arts-dynamic-cultural-community
fine arts: a dynamic cultural community | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student life out in windsor student life around the university residence food athletics and recreation student government student support office of student experience campus bookstore accessibility services health services international life lancer talent lancer varsity athletics university players soca performances and concerts cjam 99.1 out in windsor getting around dining fine arts music theatre entertainment student life around the university residence food athletics and recreation student government student support office of student experience campus bookstore accessibility services health services international life lancer talent lancer varsity athletics university players soca performances and concerts cjam 99.1 out in windsor getting around dining fine arts music theatre entertainment university of windsor student life out in windsor fine arts: a dynamic cultural community fine arts: a dynamic cultural community being an artist in windsor is to experience the best in creative culture, says susan gold, a practicing artist and professor emeritus of visual arts at the university of windsor. the community provides a critical mass of support for artists, helping them to develop and encouraging cross-fertilization between disciplines, genres, and values. the only thing better than to be an artist is to be a patron of the arts and enjoy the many strands of windsor's rich cultural tapestry. school of creative arts the new school of creative arts (soca) downtown campus is home to the visual arts and vabe programs and includes a soca projects gallery and vabe projects display. windsor art community the art gallery of windsor collects, conserves, interprets, and presents canadian art. its riverfront building in downtown windsor is a place to view significant works of art by local, regional, and national artists. the gallery's collection of more than 3,000 works of art?including paintings, drawings, prints, photographs, sculptures, illustrations, and videos?covers the period from about 1750 through to the present day. the arts council - windsor & region is an umbrella organization representing and promoting all artistic endeavour within windsor and essex county. it operates the artspeak gallery in the heart of olde walkerville, as well as artsnotes, one of windsor?s most comprehensive events listings. artcite artist-run centre maintains a balanced and perse program of visual art exhibitions and events, including performance, film and video screenings, artists' lectures and workshops, and presentations of experimental music and interdisciplinary art production by local, regional, national and international artists. it is located in a store front of the capitol theatre and arts centre in windsor's downtown core. common ground is an unjuried exhibition space available to all interested self-motivated artists. it is located about one-half kilometre west of the uwindsor campus, in the mackenzie hall cultural centre. the windsor sculpture park is a museum without walls, a unique showcase of more than 30 large-scale, internationally-recognized works of contemporary sculpture on the shores of the detroit river, stretching from the university of windsor campus to the art gallery of windsor. both the city and the county are home to commercial galleries, with particular concentration in windsor's downtown core, walkerville, and riverside. windsor art festivals the city also boasts a number of festivals celebrating visual arts, including art in the park, which features exhibitors from all over ontario annually displaying their work on the grounds surrounding willistead manor art by the river set on the grounds of amherstburg?s historic fort malden walkerville fringe fest walkerville art walk detroit art community as well, just across the river, southwestern michigan is home to a burgeoning arts scene, with flagship institutions including the detroit institute of arts and the cranbrook academy of art, and creative centres like ann arbor and birmingham. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
