https://www.uwindsor.ca/viewmagazine/node/281
first woman to take reins as uwindsor chancellor | view magazine university of windsor alumni magazine features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs search form search features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs campus highlights monday, june 3, 2019 - 18:29 dr. mary jo haddad first woman to take reins as uwindsor chancellor dr. mary jo haddad is the first woman to hold the position of chancellor of the university of windsor. haddad ? a longtime supporter and honours nursing graduate of the university of windsor ? has been named the university?s eighth chancellor. born and raised in windsor, dr. haddad?s official installation will take place at the spring 2019 convocation. dr. haddad is well known for her innovative leadership and commitment to children?s health in both canada and internationally. from 2004 to 2014 she served as president and ceo of the hospital for sick children (sickkids). since her retirement from sickkids, dr. haddad has served as a corporate director and as president of mjh & associates, providing leadership and healthcare advisory services. ?at such an important time in the university?s history, i am proud to serve as the next chancellor of the university of windsor,? dr. haddad said. ?to recognize and celebrate the academic achievements of our students as future leaders and trailblazers is an incredible honour. i am grateful for the impact the university of windsor has had on my career and i am looking forward to promoting the achievements of the university?s students, faculty, staff and alumni.? in recognition of her innovative leadership and commitment to children?s health, dr. haddad has received honorary doctor of laws degrees from the university of windsor, ryerson university and the university of ontario institute of technology. as chancellor, dr. haddad will serve as the titular head of the university and confer all degrees and diplomas on behalf of the senate. the chancellor also represents the university in an official capacity at external functions. ?i am thrilled that dr. haddad has agreed to serve as the university?s eighth chancellor,? interim president douglas kneale said. ?as an alumna of nursing, an honorary degree recipient, a member of our fundraising cabinet, a transformational leader in children?s healthcare, and a first-generation windsor born-and-bred woman, she embodies the history and the values of our university and community and sets an inspiring example for our current and future students.? dr. haddad?s appointment follows the announcement that the honourable ed lumley would be stepping down after 12 years as chancellor. share facebook twitter linkedin email for daily campus news visit uwindsor.ca/dailynews more campus highlights campus highlights federal minister on hand for grand opening of essex core science facility by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:41pm campus highlights dr. robert gordon named president by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:36pm campus highlights chancellor invested with rites of office by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:17pm campus highlights stanley cup win makes adjustment to windsor grad?s resum? by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:12pm campus highlights study finds support program sets at-risk students on road to success by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:05pm load more view magazine is produced by the university of windsor office of public affairs in tandem with the office of alumni and donor communications. our goal is to connect and inspire the uwindsor community through news and stories that build pride in our alumni, current students, faculty, staff, donors and friends. view contact view subscribe to view advertise in view (print edition) view credits and information alumni association board of directors links university of windsor home page university of windsor alumni association place of promise search form search popular tags fall 2018 university of windsor view october 2019 fall view 2010s 2000s 1990s 1980s 1970s marriages births fall 2017 in memoriam 1960s fall 2015 spring 2017 spring 2016 fall 2016 1950s uwindsor ? 2017 university of windsor
