https://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/2021-11-18/former-prof-helps-faculty-attract-leading-graduate-students-through-fellowship
former prof helps faculty attract leading graduate students through fellowship | faculty of engineering skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students faculty of engineering follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin faculty of engineering former prof helps faculty attract leading graduate students through fellowship former prof helps faculty attract leading graduate students through fellowship students are seen outside of essex hall in this 1980 file photo. it started off as a challenge posed by a dentist who just so happened to be his brother. ralph and his colleagues weren?t happy with the dental filling materials available to them in 1958. the material was hard to work with and often failed, inevitably sending cavity-stricken patients back to their chairs for a filler replacement. ?ralph's challenge was to develop a better filling material and i accepted, thinking that there was no one better suited to study the amalgam's shortcomings and improve or replace it with something better, than a metallurgist like myself,? says william youdelis, who taught materials engineering at the university of windsor from 1965 to 1996. dr. youdelis?s solution, called dispersalloy, not only outlived and outperformed conventional amalgam fillings, it was sold to johnson & johnson to meet the increased demands of the u.s. and european markets. in 1993, the academy of operative dentistry recognized his contribution with a hollenback memorial prize, making him the second canadian at that time to win. ?when reflecting on my own successes, i realized the critical role played by my phd studies and decided that i?d like to make a gift to the university of windsor to support graduate students,? youdelis says about establishing a fellowship with a $300,000 donation through a stock securities transfer. the dr. william v. youdelis phd fellowship in engineering will aid the university in recruiting and supporting top engineering doctoral candidates over the next decade. the $11,111 annual scholarships will be given based on academic excellence across all engineering fields. ?phd study in engineering is long and challenging and to be successful, requires one?s total concentration and confidence. carrying financial difficulties has ended many promising careers,? youdelis says, reflecting on his own financial struggles as a student and witnessing talented colleagues cut their academic careers short due to a lack of funds. while completing his graduate studies in metallurgical engineering at mcgill university, youdelis was awarded the prestigious aluminium laboratories fellowship, which covered the costs of his academic fees and living expenses throughout his phd journey. he says this allowed him to apply himself fully to his studies and research. youdelis was instrumental in launching the faculty?s materials engineering program and in 1992, he helped the university land its first industrial research chair (irc). the ford/nserc industrial research chair in light metals casting technology included a $1m, five-year grant to improve aluminum base alloys that were critical to auto manufacturing. dr. jerry sokolowski led the grant, which was renewed for another five years by ford thanks to sokolowski?s success in overcoming challenges with casting larger engine blocks for ford?s new and heavier truck. ?william was a driven researcher who always looked for ways to apply his work in the real world,? says nihar biswas, a former senior associate dean of engineering research and current environmental engineering professor who worked with youdelis in the 90s. in 2002, youdelis received the canadian metal physics award. he even collaborated with nasa scientists on materials processing in space research, which led him to a position on the canadian space?s physical science advisory committee. ?in my teaching practise, i would relate the subject matter of my lectures to my research projects whenever possible and i saw that this excited and inspired the students.? the dr. william v. youdelis phd fellowship is renewable and intended to fund each student for the first three years of their program. all applications to the phd program will be considered based on academic excellence, including review of published research papers in international journals and conferences. students will be selected by a faculty committee and do not need to apply. charitable gifts of publicly traded securities include shares, bonds, mutual funds and interest in a related segregated fund trust or a prescribed debt obligation. the university of windsor provides tax receipts for the full appreciated value of a donation of publicly traded securities, which are not subject to capital gains tax. to learn more, please visit uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/stock-securities. this article was featured in the latest issue of we, the faculty of engineering?s annual magazine. we is distributed annually to alumni, students, faculty, staff and industrial/community partners of the faculty. if you would like to receive we electronically and uwindsor engineering?s quarterly e-newsletters, join the faculty?s mailing list. ? published on nov 25th, 2021 share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
