https://www.uwindsor.ca/provost/expression/
freedom of expression | office of the provost and vice-president, academic skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students uwindsor home office of the provost and vice-president, academic freedom of expression freedom of expression the university of windsor's policy on freedom of expression was approved by the board of governors on november 27, 2018. this policy statement applies to faculty and staff (including management), students and guests. frequently asked questions about freedom of expression at the university of windsor this statement is intended to reaffirm the university of windsor?s long-standing commitment to freedom of expression (free speech) in the university community. this commitment is expressed in various university policies. also reaffirmed in this statement are the freedoms of association and assembly, which are closely related to freedom of expression. freedom of expression protects the individual?s freedom to communicate - to speak to others, and to hear what others have to say - without interference from the state or from others. freedom of expression is protected because it contributes to the growth of public knowledge, because it is necessary to the operation of a democratic form of government, and because it is important to the individual?s development as an autonomous agent. the free exchanges of ideas and information is central to the university?s role as a place of learning and research. the university must permit and protect the free expression of its community members, subject only to limits necessary to protect the operation of the institution or to prevent harm to members of the university. the university must resist any attempt to interfere with the freedom of expression of its members and guests. the university has in place procedures for addressing interferences with the rights of the community?s members and guests to express themselves. read the full university of windsor policy on freedom of expression on the university bylaws & policies site read the annual report to the higher education quality council of ontario on freedom of expression implementation (pdf) 2021 annual report 2020 annual report 2019 annual report share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
