https://www.uwindsor.ca/ohrea/94/faq
frequently asked questions (faqs) | office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) in this section home contact us about ohrea faqs accessibility and accommodation employment equity human rights anti-racism/anti-black racism committees religious accommodation forms and funding policies and guidelines reports and resources surveys training ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives ohrea newsletter home contact us about ohrea faqs accessibility and accommodation employment equity human rights anti-racism/anti-black racism committees religious accommodation forms and funding policies and guidelines reports and resources surveys training ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives ohrea newsletter follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram uwindsor home office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) frequently asked questions (faqs) frequently asked questions (faqs) what does ohrea do? the office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) is responsible for education, human rights inquiries and complaints, ombuds functions related to human rights, equity and accessibility, government reporting, policy development, and other matters requiring accountability in these areas at the university. who uses ohrea services? ohrea provides services for students, staff, and faculty. the office also provides support in resolving unit-wide issues and/or concerns involving multiple parties. what grounds are included in the ontario human rights code? the ontario human rights code (the code) prohibits discrimination and harassment on the following grounds: race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, sex, citizenship, creed (religion), disability, age, marital status, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, receipt of public assistance (in accommodation only), and record of offences (in employment only). what about non-code related issues of discrimination and harassment? ohrea does not normally deal with non-code related issues, except to provide informal support as needed. general harassment or discrimination concerns that do not pertain to a human rights ground are typically addressed through the following channels: students - the associate vp, (student experience) faculty and staff - human resources (employee / labour relations) faculty - office of the provost (specifically the associate vp, academic) what are the employment equity designated groups at the university? there are 4 federally designated groups: aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities, visible minorities, and women. in addition, the university includes sexual/gender minorities as a 5th designated group within the employment equity program. what types of things are included under accessibility? accessibility includes, but is not limited to, the physical environment, technology, service delivery, communication considerations, workplace needs, education and awareness, providing and reviewing various needs for accommodation. accessibility requirements for permanent, temporary, chronic, or episodic disabilities or disabling conditions. what types of training is available from ohrea? ohrea facilitates in-person workshops for faculty, staff, and students on a variety of topics such as accessibility, cultural competency, implicit bias, homophobia, the politics of language, fair hiring practices, racism, sexual harassment, and many more. the office also provides some on-line training options, and assists in engaging external presenters. what funding supports are available through ohrea? the ohrea fund is a cost-sharing fund developed to support university diversity initiatives, and presence at related events in the wider community; the employee accommodation fund is designed to provide units with funding assistance for employee accommodation supports; the women?s campus safety grant funding provided from an mtcu grant for projects intended to address the safety of women on campus. where can i find?.? information concerning religious accommodation is available on this website. there is a form for employee requests along with guidelines. there is also a link to guidelines for student requests for religious accommodation, and a link to the office of the registrar?s form for application for alternative final examination(s) due to conflict with religious conviction. a multi-faith calendar is available on this website, accessible by signing in, to assist with awareness regarding the occurrences of a variety of faith-based observances. follow this link to access the calendar. information regarding accessible amenities, such as accessible entrances and facilities, is available on the website in the section called maps. there is also a page in the site under building information that provides more in-depth information on accessible features/services for specific buildings on campus. hard copies and copies in alternative formats of the maps are available by emailing ohrea@uwindsor.ca. tutorials on creating documents in accessible formats are available on this website. the breastfeeding room is located in rm. 320, chrysler hall tower. the room is kept locked. access forms for an electronic prox card / fob are authorized through ohrea. follow this link for more information about how to access the room. 3 things you wish all instructors knew about your services?.. that the accessibility for ontarians with disabilities act (aoda) has certain training requirements that are mandatory for all employees, volunteers, and 3rd party service providers?we?re happy to help you determine what format works best for your needs (online, in-person, hard copy). that completing the self-identification survey, and updating it as needed, is critical to the development and attainment of university-wide and unit-specific employment equity goals in diversity and inclusion. that contact from our office is to engage all parties in a remedial process that results in an increased awareness about a situation or issue. the focus is on education and fostering an environment of respect and inclusion. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram what's new response to ontario human rights commission's letter on racism idea competition 2020-2021 employment equity annual report 2019 2019-2020 accessibility report and multi-year plan related links internal links: aboriginal education centre/turtle island department of human resources international student centre notice of service interruptions/projects office of the provost office of the registar office of student experience senate bylaws student accessibility services external links: legal assistance of windsor (law) ombudsman ontario ontario human rights commission ontario ministry of labour university of windsor's community legal aid share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
