https://www.uwindsor.ca/coop-workplace-partnerships/327/faqs
frequently asked questions | co-operative education & workplace partnerships skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students co-operative education & workplace partnerships co-operative education & workplace partnerships students welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us uwindsor home co-operative education & workplace partnerships students frequently asked questions frequently asked questions covid-19 faq view covid-19 co-op faq & updates general faq frequently asked questions ? covid-19 employer partner questions question are we still recruiting for future work terms? answer yes, we will run weekly rounds of continuous hiring for the job competition and are actively recruiting for placements. w contact cooped@uwindsor.ca with your job posting today or with any questions. question are we still able to conduct interviews for work term hiring? answer yes, all interviews will now be conducted via phone or virtually using tools preferable to your organization. email cooped@uwindsor.ca with any questions. current student questions students on work term question i have recently learned that my co-op position is ending early due to covid-19. what does that mean for me? answer rest assured that all students who began their co-op work term will be given full co-op credit despite having their position end early due to covid-19, as long as the required end of year assessment and evaluation form are submitted. the co-op office will accept employer evaluation forms even after students have left their positions to ensure the students receive the credit. students in the job competition we will be running continuous hiring rounds each week until the end of the term. we are still actively recruiting for work terms. interviews have all been moved to phone or skype/zoom etc.. we are creating flexible pathways for you to be able to start and end your work term under the typical minimum of 420 hours and are monitoring the evolving covid-19 situation for an acceptable and safe start date. more information will be coming out shortly. if you have any unanswered questions, please email coop@uwindsor.ca. am i guaranteed a co-op work placement? the co-operative education program does not guarantee placements. it is the responsibility of the co-op student to secure a co-op placement. the placement process is a partnership between the student and co-op coordinator. success at securing a placement depends on several factors, such as the number of positions the student applies for, whether the student is willing to relocate, students' effort during the application and interview process and job market & labour demands. how does the placement process work? there are two parts of the placement process (job competition & guided job search (see next faq). the job competition process: co-op jobs are posted and co-op students select and submit their resume to jobs they are interested in. resumes are sent to co-op employers and the co-op employers select co-op students to interview. co-op employers rank co-op students in order of preference. co-op students rank co-op employers in order of preference. matches are then determined based on rankings. most of the process is done electronically and is very efficient and accurate. what if i want to pursue a placement on my own? students are encouraged to participate in a guided job search (gjs) process. co-op is a partnership, together the employer relations coordinator and student will work to identify the student's network and potential opportunities. the student will be expected to conduct most of the search, however will receive assistance from the coordinator until ranking day. students participating in a gjs will have the use of a telephone, fax and mail so as not to incur expenses. what if i'm pursuing an on-own or guided job search, can i compete for co-op jobs through the mysuccess system? yes. you should aggressively pursue a position through the guided job search process and also apply to jobs posted through the mysuccess system. this process continues until ranking day. on ranking day, students will be able to rank the positions through the system which employer's have ranked them for. they may also opt to rank guided job search. it is best to rank the guided job search opportunity only if you are certain that the position will come through, or is already confirmed. in order to increase the chances of securing a placement, the student is encouraged to start the process very early (perhaps the first or second week of classes), be actively persistent and have close communication with the employer relations coordinator. how am i graded for co-op? students will be assigned a (p)assing or (f)ailing grade each work term. the grade will be based on whether or not the student successfully completes the following: completion of professional development activities in the academic term prior to the work term learning objectives co-op learning portfolio work term assessment employer final evaluation work term report work term presentation can i take a class while on work term? it is not recommended that co-op students take a course while on work term. however, students interested in taking a course should speak to their coordinator. while on a work term a student may be allowed to take one course only. when do i begin paying co-op fees? each program has a different fee schedule. refer to the co-op fee section above for full details. how much money will i make during my work term? co-op is about experience! wages are set by the employer. employers are supplied with current wage ranges, however, it is up to their discretion. students will not be told the salary until ranking day and are not to base their decisions on the wage. salaries are non-negotiable. students who inquire or discuss salary with the employer may be removed from the co-op program. once again, co-op is about the experience. with experience, after the co-op program, the money will come. how many jobs should i apply for? don't limit yourself! not only are you competing against fellow students but you are also competing against other universities. remember, there is no guarantee that you will get a co-op placement, so you should explore as many avenues as possible. what is a work term assessment? the co-op coordinator will discuss with the student and the student's supervisor either at the work site, by telephone or an online assessment approximately halfway through the work term and will do an interim work performance evaluation. the goal is to get feedback from the student on the quality of their placement and to obtain feedback from the employer on the student's performance to date. what is risk awareness and management? essentially, risk management is concerned with the outcome of future events that cannot be predicted with certainty, and how to handle this certainty. there are four basic steps in being aware of, and managing risk: identify potential risks. understand guidelines and expectation from the college and employer perspectives. consider solutions to potential problems. inform your co-op coordinator of any concern. should an incident take place: be sure to document all facts such as date, time, persons involved and the situation as you observed it. inform your supervisor and / or your co-op coordinator immediately. how can i ensure success as a co-op student? on top of attending all workshops, meeting all deadlines and actively participating in the exercises, to be a successful co-op student: focus on the experience that can be gained from each and every position and apply to every job. be as open as possible to each type of position and location. have a positive, open flow of communication with your coordinators. view the workplace safety and insurance coverage to learn more on coverage during your co-op work term. share tweet save employer spotlight share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
