https://www.uwindsor.ca/humanresources/2022-CU-02
full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop  | human resources skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students human resources human resources in this section home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events human resources full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop employment group list: cupe 1001 posting type: external job posting number: 2022-cu-02 closing date: 06/04/2022 - 4:00pm ?shift: may 1 ? august 31: monday ? friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. september 1 ? april 30: saturday-sunday 9:30 a.m. ? 6:00 p.m. and monday ? wednesday 1:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. rate of pay: as per schedule 'a' of the collective agreement - 5% premium primary job functions: under the supervision of the marketplace manager or their designate, the lead hand will be responsible: to train and oversee staff working at the starbucks coffee shop(s) to assist with preparing and serving all menu items according to starbucks operating procedures to complete the end of day reading and reports to order all products associated with running starbucks, in the absence of the day time lead hand to ensure the store is kept clean and in compliance with starbucks and board of health regulations tabulate staff timecards and replace shift vacancies when required to conduct monthly inventory to update their supervisor or designate on any staff or operational issues that arise during their shift, or that are brought to their attention by staff and customers. essential qualifications: the successful candidate will have: 2 years? experience as a supervisory or lead hand in the fast-food quick serve industry previous experience working at starbucks knowledge of how to operate and program a point of sales system, preferably micros excellent time management skills, attendance, and customer service skills rate of pay: as per schedule a of the collective agreement how to apply if you need an accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the employment coordinator at extension 4523. should you require further information on accommodations, please visit the office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea). please note that the job postings are removed from this site by the end of business on the closing date listed on the posting. the university thanks all applicants for their interest, however, only those candidates considered for an interview will be contacted. applications submitted through employment agencies will not be considered. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
