https://www.uwindsor.ca/cces/1220/funding-resources
funding resources | office of experiential learning skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of experiential learning office of experiential learning in this section home what is experiential learning? career development & experiential learning cooperative education & workplace partnerships for students student el faqs for faculty & staff why experiential learning? remote and online experiential learning planning for el risk management curricular el categories resources campus support for experiential learning employers recruiting guidelines mysuccess events & fairs contact us home what is experiential learning? career development & experiential learning cooperative education & workplace partnerships for students student el faqs for faculty & staff why experiential learning? remote and online experiential learning planning for el risk management curricular el categories resources campus support for experiential learning employers recruiting guidelines mysuccess events & fairs contact us uwindsor home office of experiential learning funding resources funding resources plenty of employer support programs and funding options are available to help you hire uwindsor! contact us to help you find a program that fits your recruiting needs. co-operative education & internships funded by employment and social development canada (esdc). the student work placement program supports partnerships between industry and post-secondary education institutions to create quality work-integrated learning opportunities for post-secondary students so they can develop work-ready skills required to secure meaningful employment upon graduation. employment and social development canada (esdc) announced over $239.8 million in 2021?22 to fund the student work placement program, creating an additional 50,000 placements for post-secondary students through both existing and new delivery partners across canada. budget 2019 expanded the student work placement program, by working with seven new partners to provide placements for post-secondary students in fields outside stem and business such as in the arts, humanities and social sciences. these investments are helping to ensure that work placements are available to every student who wants one. swpp (and iwil) have been approved for continuation until 2024 in the amount of $205 million/year! amount available: up to 75% (up to $7500) for all students including students from under represented groups e.g. women in stem (science, technology, engineering or mathematics), indigenous students, visible minorities, persons with disabilities, first year students. funding is available for 8 to 16 weeks (although the minimum required duration for co-op eligibility is a 12 week term). please note: funding can be ?stacked? (ie combined) with the ontario co-op tax credit (https://www.fin.gov.on.ca/en/credit/cetc/) however, wages for this position must not be funded by another federally funded program and cannot exceed 100% of the students wages. employers can receive funding for more than one student per term ? one application per student must be submitted. updated eligibility requirements below are valid until march 31st 2022: employers can apply for and be approved for consecutive terms provided employers submit one application for each student every term. co-op students will be able to work from home post secondary institutions now qualify for swpp funding as long as the experience is a quality work-integrated learning opportunity that?s linked to the student?s program of study and career goals. this also applies to research positions. ?net new? hire restrictions have been removed. all co-op students are now considered for funding (not just for new roles or more students than the company has hired compared to the previous year). university of windsor co-op criteria: the university of windsor co-operative education program is nationally accredited through the co-operative education & work integrated learning association and as such, in order to qualify as a co-op work term our students must: student must work full time (at least 35 hours/week). student must be paid (at least minimum wage). student must work for at least 12 weeks (the typical semester is 16 weeks or 4 months). student must be doing work related to their academic program. student must have an available & accessible supervisor to provide direction/support/guidance who is willing to participate in the mid-term and final evaluation processes as this is an academic/ learning employment program and as such has an assessment component. program eligibility (valid until march 31st 2022): (note: the final funding decisions lie with the swpp funding partners ? this is provided as a guideline only) must be a registered canadian business or post-secondary educational institution employers can hire students in any program (i.e. engineering, it, arts, business, science...etc.) students must be canadian citizens, permanent residents or a person to whom refugee protection has been conferred under the immigration and refugee protection act for the duration of employment to qualify for funding from swpp the following are not eligible for swpp funding: federal, provincial, territorial and municipal governments. hospitals and long-term care facilities. financial institutions. students employed as ?independent contractors? are not eligible for funding under this program. employees cannot be family members as participants. skilled trades (apprentice programs). benefits: if you didn?t qualify for funding before, you should consider it now! you may also consider using swpp funding to hire more co-op students to assist with new projects and changes due to covid-19. as an example, accessing funding through swpp may provide you with the financial flexibility to hire four co-op students with the budget normally required for one! esdc works with employer delivery partners which are a group of recognized associations and organizations that represent the interests of employers in industries. they work with businesses and post-secondary education institutions to: provide wage subsidies to employers that offer quality student work placements create partnerships with colleges, universities, polytechnics and cegep?s to recruit students for these placements each delivery partner is running the program a little differently, so check for additional information on the following pages. the program is being delivered through various industry partners. biotalent canada canadian agricultural human resources council ?agritalent growing opportunities? canadian council for aerospace and aviation (ccaa) cultural human resources council (chrc) electricity human resources canada (ehrc) empowering futures environmental careers organization of canada (eco canada) excellence in manufacturing consortium (emc) - wilworks food processing skills canada (fpsc) career ready program information and communication technology council (ictc) ictc's wil digital subsidy magnet student work placement program mining industry human resources council gearing up ontario chamber of commerce - talent opportunities program (top) technation canada (formerly itac) career ready program trucking hr canada other swpp partners visit venture for canada toronto finance international (tfi) aspire if your company or community organization engages in research, product development or entrepreneurship, there are many ways that you can hire a uwindsor student via internships, co-ops, and part time positions. the university?s office of research and innovation services can support your company in finding the right funding for you to hire uwindsor! we encourage companies to get started by learning about what uwindsor has to offer through research partnerships at the office of research and innovation services. our expert staff can help connect you to the right funding for your organization. the programs below are just a few of the opportunities available to help you attract the next generation of talent to your organization. mitacs mitacs powers research & development by connecting industry with the best post-secondary institutions to solve business challenges ? in canada and internationally. for 20 years, mitacs has funded cutting-edge research, created job opportunities for graduate students and helped companies reach their business goals, achieving results that have bolstered the canadian economy. business strategy internship canadian organizations are being challenged as never before. get help from outstanding students with your innovation activities starting at a four-month $10,000 or $15,000 internship. your contribution is 50%. for additional information, click here. to learn more about how mitacs programs can work for you, contact: katie facecchia, mitacs director business development kfacecchia@mitacs.ca 519-560-1582 iman sarraf, business development specialist, windsor isarraf@mitacs.ca 226-724-2408 student & graduate opportunities agriculture and agri-food canada career focus career focus provides funding to organizations for the creation of agricultural internships that provide career-related work experiences for recent graduates. visit agriculture and agri-food canada to learn more about the career focus program. apprenticeship tax credit the apprenticeship training tax credit is a refundable tax credit. it is available to employers who hire and train apprentices in certain skilled trades in apprenticeship programs that commenced on or before november 14, 2017. for apprenticeship programs that commenced on or after april 24, 2015 and before november 15, 2017, eligible expenditures incurred during the first 36 months of the apprenticeship program qualify for the purposes of the credit. for apprenticeship programs that commenced before april 24, 2015, eligible expenditures incurred after march 26, 2009, and during the first 48 months of the apprenticeship program, qualify for purposes of the tax credit. visit the ontario ministry of finance to learn more about the apprenticeship tax credit. canada ontario job grant the job grant will provide direct financial support to individual employers who wish to purchase training for their employees. it will be available to small, medium and large businesses with a plan to deliver short-term training to existing and new employees, and will: provide up to $10,000 in government support per person for training costs. require employers to contribute one-third of the total costs. there will be additional flexibility for small businesses to provide an in-kind contribution towards their share of the costs. require training to be delivered by an eligible, third-party trainer. if you're an employer with a particular skills demand, the canada-ontario job grant might be right for you. applications will be accepted on an ongoing basis. visit the ontario ministry of advanced education and skills development to learn more about the job grant program. canada summer jobs (csj) csj is an initiative of the summer work experience program. it provides wage subsidies to employers to create employment for secondary and post-secondary students. again this year, canada summer jobs welcomes applications from small businesses, not-for-profit employers, public sector and faith-based organizations that provide quality summer jobs for students. csj provides funding to not-for-profit organizations, public-sector employers and small businesses with 50 or fewer full-time employees to create summer job opportunities for young people aged 15 to 30 years who are full-time students intending to return to their studies in the next school year. visit the government of canada to learn more about the summer work experience program. digital skills youth internship program digital skills for youth (ds4y) connects underemployed recent post-secondary graduates with small businesses and not-for-profit organizations where they can gain meaningful work experience to help them transition to career-oriented employment. program participants will be able to use the skills acquired during their studies and apply them in a professional setting. moreover, they will be able to upskill if required to better meet the demands of the labour market. the program will be administered by delivery organizations. a delivery organization is an independent third party responsible for the delivery of ds4y who will partner with employers where interns will carry out their internships. delivery organizations will ensure that interns gain valuable work experience and have access to training. visit the government of canada to learn more about the digital skills youth internship program. employment and social development canada career focus career focus provides funding for employers and organizations to design and deliver a range of activities that enable youth make more informed career decisions and develop their skills. visit the government of canada to learn more about employment and social development canada career focus funding. environmental youth corps our program gives eligible employers who work in science, technology, engineering, mathematics (stem) or natural resources up to 50% of a candidate?s salary (up to $15,000) for new full-time environmental jobs. employers may use this program to fund multiple new positions. visit eco canada to learn more about the program. export market access export market access (ema) is a $5 million initiative, jointly sponsored by the government of ontario and the ontario chamber of commerce (occ). it is designed to help small and medium-sized enterprises smes) increase their access to global markets. expenses incurred by companies undertaking activities in the following four areas may be eligible for funding: direct contacts: participation in international trade shows, fairs, exhibitions, and incoming and outgoing trade missions, supported by a recognized third party such as governments or trade related organizations. marketing tools: development of electronic media, promotional materials, and generic branding material. market research: to enable more precise international market targeting. foreign bidding projects: intended for providers of professional services (engineering, consulting, constructions, etc.) bidding on foreign projects against foreign competition. visit the ontario ministry of agriculture, food and rural affairs to learn more about the program. first nations and inuit summer work experience program projects under the first nations and inuit summer work experience program allow youth to learn about career options and earn an income that may contribute to university or college education. successful proposals: include plans to offer wage subsidies to private sector and non-profit employers so they may hire eligible first nations and inuit youth help first nations and inuit secondary and post-secondary students obtain summer employment and prepare for entry into the labour market enable first nations and inuit youth to earn wages the proposals will support work experience opportunities for first nations and inuit secondary and post-secondary students, between may 1st and the beginning of the student?s fall academic term. proposals are accepted for each fiscal year. visit the government of canada to learn more about the program. jobs and prosperity fund businesses, business associations and entrepreneurs can get funding for projects to enhance productivity and help them compete in the global marketplace. new economy fund - funding that can help you build research and development capacity, improve productivity, boost competitiveness and gain access to global markets. food and beverage growth fund - funding for strategic investments in the food and beverage processing, and bioproduct sectors. forestry growth fund - funding for manufacturers and processors of wood products across ontario. visit the ontario website to learn more about funding for projects. ontario interactive digital media tax credit the ontario interactive digital media tax credit (oidmtc) is a refundable tax credit based on eligible ontario labour expenditures and eligible marketing and distribution expenses claimed by a qualifying corporation with respect to interactive digital media products. visit the ontario media development corporation to learn more about the refundable tax credit. science and technology internship program green jobs are the future in a world that is increasingly valuing sustainable practices as part of the transition to a low-carbon economy. to help young canadians get started in a green career, natural resources canada is investing more that $16 million to create 1,200 jobs through our green jobs - science and technology internship program (stip). visit natural resources canada to learn more about the program. science horizons youth internships program science horizons supports green jobs for youth by providing wage subsidies to eligible employers to hire interns in environmental and clean technology sectors. interns must be recent college or university graduates eligible to work in science, technology, engineering or math (stem). visit the government of canada to learn more about the internships program. smart program for advance technologies for global growth through feddev ontario?s investing in business growth and productivity (ibgp) initiative, the smart advanced technologies for global growth (atgg) program is designed to assist southern ontario manufacturers in adopting new technologies that have the potential to improve productivity and increase competitiveness in the global economy. advanced technology adaptation/ adoption projects that will focus on improving productivity through the adaptation or adoption of new or upgraded advanced technologies, materials or processes, create jobs and increase global competitiveness. advanced technology projects will be eligible for funding of 35% of eligible costs to a maximum non-repayable contribution of $100,000. visit the smart program to learn more about the program. southwestern ontario development fund the southwestern ontario development fund gives money to businesses, municipalities and not-for-profit organizations for economic development in southwestern ontario. the fund supports projects that: create jobs encourage innovation, collaboration and cluster development attract private sector investment visit the ontario website to learn more about the funding program. the skills link the skills link program helps youth overcome barriers to employment, develop a broad range of skills and knowledge in order to participate in the current and future labour market and to promote education and skills as being key to labour market participation. these barriers include, but are not limited to, challenges faced by recent immigrant youth, youth with disabilities, single parent youth, youth who have not completed high school, indigenous youth, and youth living in rural or remote areas. visit the government of canada to learn more about the program. research & development and entrepreneurship if your company or community organization engages in research, product development or entrepreneurship, there are many ways that you can hire a uwindsor student via internships, co-ops, and part time positions. the university?s office of research and innovation services can support your company in finding the right funding for you to hire uwindsor! we encourage companies to get started by learning about what uwindsor has to offer through research partnerships at the office of research and innovation services. our expert staff can help connect you to the right funding for your organization. the programs below are just a few of the opportunities available to help you attract the next generation of talent to your organization. mitacs mitacs powers research & development by connecting industry with the best post-secondary institutions to solve business challenges ? in canada and internationally. for 20 years, mitacs has funded cutting-edge research, created job opportunities for graduate students and helped companies reach their business goals, achieving results that have bolstered the canadian economy. programs accelerate solve your research challenges with academic expertise, leveraged funding, and one-to-one support from mitacs. internships start at four months and can scale up as much as you need. for additional information, click here. entrepreneur international is global growth in your future? mitacs entrepreneur international can help. we assist with travel costs ? up to $5,000 ? to help you explore new business opportunities abroad. mitacs entrepreneur international offers travel grants to canadian start-ups housed in university-linked incubators. the grant enables start-ups to connect with international incubators allowing you to explore new business development opportunities in global markets. business strategy internship canadian organizations are being challenged as never before. get help from outstanding students with your innovation activities starting at a four-month $10,000 or $15,000 internship. your contribution is 50%. for additional information, click here. to learn more about how mitacs programs can work for you, contact: katie facecchia, mitacs director business development kfacecchia@mitacs.ca 519-560-1582 iman sarraf, business development specialist, windsor isarraf@mitacs.ca 226-724-2408 ontario centres for innovation oci?s mission is to accelerate innovation through game-changing research leading to successful commercialization and vibrant collaboration between industry and academia, launching the next generation of products and jobs. programs voucher for innovation and productivity (vip) this program supports the collaboration between academia and industry to solve an industry-based problem and drive the commercialization of intellectual property [ip]. the institution will leverage the unique skills and specialized infrastructure that is instrumental to streamline internal innovations and commercialization needs. resulting in targeted training of individuals and direct engagement with industry to work on commercially viable solutions. for more information about oci programs, visit their website, or contact: andreas waller, business development and commercialization manger for the windsor-essex region awaller@oc-innovation.ca 519.996.5100 other research partnership funding opportunities the natural sciences and engineering research council (nserc), and the social sciences and humanities research council (sshrc) offer a range of programs that can support partnerships between the university of windsor and your company or organization. find out about uwindsor research partnerships and learn how leveraged funding can bring talent into your organization and help you grow. additional resources workforce windsoressex wesearch tool for employers and job-seekers help navigating the various supports available to employers in windsor-essex, including grants, loans and wage subsidies. visit workforce windsor essex to learn more about the tool. employment ontario employment ontario can help you get training, build skills or find a job. we connect people looking for work with employers looking for workers. employment ontario offers many provincial programs that may be of assistance to you. visit the ontario website to learn more about employment support. ontario business program guide this online directory of provincial tax incentives, tax credits and government support programs for business has many additional programs that may be of assistance to you. visit the ontario business programs guide to use the interactive search tool. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
