https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/supportuwindsor/2020-07-27/example-news-article-4
fund to support research into natural treatments for cancer | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support uwindsor support uwindsor in this section welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor fund to support research into natural treatments for cancer fund to support research into natural treatments for cancer encouraging results investigating natural treatments for cancer continue to generate support for the work of biochemistry professor siyaram pandey and his research team. dr. pandey presented a report on his lab?s progress tuesday, as part of an annual observance of the birthday of kevin couvillon, who lost his battle against cancer in 2010, inspiring his family to support the search for non-toxic cancer treatments. pandey has widened his search to include experiments with extracts derived from tropical lilies, dandelion roots, lemongrass, white tea, long pepper, rosemary, and paradise tree. in the past year, his team has produced eight publications. ?we continue to be encouraged and impressed by the promise this research holds for a more humane and enlightened treatment of cancer,? kevin couvillon?s mother, donna couvillon, said tuesday. ?our family is proud to be associated with this project.? pandey received a donation of $50,000 from uwindsor alumnus loknath chawla (bsc 1994, ba 1996) to establish the loknath chawla fund in natural extracts research. the first installment of a $100,000 pledge, the monies will support laboratory supplies and equipment, salaries to support undergraduate and graduate researchers, and other costs. ?i came to canada 45 years ago and earned two degrees from the university of windsor while working the night shift full-time at a local manufacturer,? chawla recalled. ?i was only five credits away from my third degree when my mother was diagnosed with cancer.? he put his studies on hold to care for her until her death in 2004. now he hopes that his fund will serve as her legacy. pandey also announced that he has received a $140,000 grant from the mitacs accelerate international fund to investigate the interaction of these extracts with drugs used in chemotherapy. interns will conduct this research in partnership with synthite industries, which hopes to market resulting treatments. ? published on sep 4th, 2020 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
