https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2022-04-04/gala-honours-inspirational-women
gala honours inspirational women | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews marium tolson-murtty, uwindsor director for anti-racism organizational change, received the influencer award from women?s enterprise skills training of windsor. gala honours inspirational women apr 5th, 2022 several members of the uwindsor community were among the honourees at a march 8 gala celebrating international women?s day hosted by women?s enterprise skills training of windsor. the organization, which provides employment and educational support to newcomers, immigrants, and racialized women in windsor-essex, conferred ?journey towards success? awards on alumnae fatima al hakim (bs 2021), maryan amalow (ba 2005, ma 2008), susan taylor (bhk 1994) and marium tolson-murtty (ba 1996, b.ed 2003, m.ed 2008). al hakim received the youth community leadership award in recognition of her achievements during her studies, both in and outside the classroom. an award-winning student, she co-founded the pre-dental society, mentored junior students, and served as a research assistant in two labs. she currently volunteers with we connect windsor, raising funds for its scholarship programs. amalow, executive director of the organization of part-time university students, received the daphne v. clarke trailblazer award. opus has been working with west to provide training and experience to young women. amalow?s commitment to inclusivity and diversity has provided youths of varying backgrounds with opportunities to learn skills that will empower them on their journey to success. taylor is the program manager for innovation, entrepreneurship, and student experience at the genesis entrepreneurship centre at st. clair college. she received the visionary award in recognition of her experience founding multiple businesses as well as community engagement with the canadian mental health association, windsor regional hospital, and women of windsor mentorship collaborative. tolson-murtty received the influencer award. she is the director for anti-racism organizational change in the office of the vice-president, equity, diversity, and inclusion at the university of windsor, where is pursuing doctoral studies in education. her volunteer work includes board positions with the hour-a-day study club, black council of windsor-essex, united way windsor-essex county, family fuse, and propel: preparing for the realities of post-secondary education and life. watch a video recording of the ?break the bias? virtual gala. marium tolson-murtty fatima al hakim maryan amalow susan taylor share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
