https://www.uwindsor.ca/ctl/388/gata
ga/ta and grad students | centre for teaching and learning (ctl) skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students centre for teaching and learning (ctl) centre for teaching and learning (ctl) university teaching home about the ctl services events and courses teaching and learning resources teaching and learning research recognition and awards visiting fellows university teaching supporting early career faculty ga/ta and grad students ctl videos in conversation: videos learning technologies ctl newsletters home about the ctl services events and courses teaching and learning resources teaching and learning research recognition and awards visiting fellows university teaching supporting early career faculty ga/ta and grad students ctl videos in conversation: videos learning technologies ctl newsletters uwindsor home centre for teaching and learning (ctl) university teaching ga/ta and grad students ga/ta and grad students ga/ta development opportunities at the ctl! the centre for teaching and learning?s ga/ta development program was first started in 2008. the gata network itself is a collaboration with ctl and the faculty of graduate studies that was initiated in 2010. with your participation and support, gata development will continue to grow. if you wish to make use of any of the services listed below, or would like more information, please contact elizabeth ismail at ismaile@uwindsor.ca. ga/ta services currently offered gata network. the gata network development team works with gas and tas across campus, introducing them to mentors and resources they will need to improve their pedagogical knowledge and skills. the latest members of the team are: paige coyne, gata network coordinator (coynep@uwindsor.ca), irene muir, gata network coordinator (muiri@uwindsor.ca), and elizabeth ismail, gata network supervisor (ismaile@uwindsor.ca), who are building upon the foundation created by betsy keating, greg paziuk and laura chittle. the gata network development team uses social media to connect students online. they are on twitter at (@gatanetwork), facebook, and instagram. on campus, new and experienced gas and tas can meet face-to-face at learning communities, workshops, and practice sessions. university teaching certificate - the ctl offers the university teaching certificate designed to help academics, at all levels and in all disciplines, develop their teaching practice, with the goal of enhancing student learning. see the half courses page for descriptions of our utc course offerings. local ga/ta communities. we encourage gas and tas to support and learn from each other. the gata network will assist small departmental or faculty groups with on-site discussions or workshops. that's right, we'll come to you! just let us know which skills your group is interested in developing. contact us at gata@uwindsor.ca. classroom observations. gas and tas who want feedback on their teaching may request a classroom/laboratory/tutorial observation, followed by confidential written and verbal advice about both strengths and recommended changes. teaching dossier academy. a week-long summer event involving workshops and mentoring to help you create a teaching dossier that presents you at your best. teaching dossier support. preparing for the job market? applying for a sessional position? the ctl is happy to provide advice, mentoring, and support to help you create stellar teaching dossiers -- throughout the year. individual consultations. we are available throughout the year to meet with you to discuss teaching and learning issues, methodologies, philosophies . . . if it's about teaching and learning, we're happy to chat! teaching and learning workshops. throughout the year the ctl offers a variety of teaching and learning workshops open to all members of the university of windsor community -- including gas and tas. keep an eye on our website for details. share tweet save ga/ta and grad students ga/ta and grad students gatacademy winter gatacademy gata network series recorded workshops gata awards gata awards description and criteria gata awards nomination process 2021 award winners 2020 award winners 2019 award winner 2018 award winners 2017 award winners 2016 award winner 2012 award winners 2011 award winners 2010 award winners 2009 award winners share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
