http://www.uwindsor.ca/nursing/nursing-lab
general nursing lab | faculty of nursing skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us faculty of nursing in this section dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links uwindsor home faculty of nursing general nursing lab general nursing lab the general nursing lab contains: one health assessment lab (located in the dr. murray o'neil medical education centre) two skills practice labs (located in anthony p. toldo health education centre) a computer centre equipped with 25 computers (located in anthony p. toldo health education centre) an extensive selection of health promotion materials, resources and models students use/visit the lab to: utilize available mannequins, models and equipment to practice any psychomotor skill visit the computer lab to study, work on assignments or review videos related to specific skills or nursing concepts to refresh or expand their knowledge base reserve educational equipment to assist with client or community teaching plans check out our great selection of pamphlets and posters for use in teaching use one of the many reference textbooks make an appointment with a peer mentor to review or practice specific skills the clinical lab coordinator is available to assist students in their learning. as well, our peer mentoring program allows nursing students to assist their peers with learning. peer mentors are 3rd or 4th year nursing students who are hired into the lab based on recommendations by clinical instructors. peer mentors are available at select times daily to assist students with skill practice. view the lab guidelines. location: the general nursing lab is located on the second floor of the anthony p. toldo health education centre and on the third floor of the dr. murray o'neil medical education centre. hours of operation: drop-ins welcome, however, appointments are highly recommended. call 519.253.3000, x2282 for an appointment or email lacey.rivest@uwindsor.ca. peer mentors are available at select times - please see clinical learning centre blackboard site announcements for peer mentor availability and details related to lab hours. for more information, please contact: lacey rivest clinical lab coordinator t: 519.253.3000, x2282 e: lacey.rivest@uwindsor.ca. follow us on instagram: uofw_clc share tweet save tweets by uwinnursing share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
