https://golancers.ca/sports/2020/11/4/general-interest-camps.aspx
general interest camps - windsor lancers
 skip to main content windsor lancers main navigation menu baseball - club baseball - club: facebook baseball - club: twitter baseball - club: instagram baseball - club: schedule baseball - club: roster baseball - club: news women's basketball women's basketball: facebook women's basketball: twitter women's basketball: instagram women's basketball: schedule women's basketball: roster women's basketball: news men's basketball men's basketball: facebook men's basketball: twitter men's basketball: instagram men's basketball: schedule men's basketball: roster men's basketball: news cross country cross country: facebook cross country: twitter cross country: instagram cross country: tickets cross country: schedule cross country: roster cross country: news curling curling: facebook curling: twitter curling: instagram curling: schedule curling: roster curling: news fastpitch - club fastpitch - club: facebook fastpitch - club: twitter fastpitch - club: instagram fastpitch - club: schedule fastpitch - club: roster fastpitch - club: news football football: facebook football: twitter football: instagram football: schedule football: roster football: news golf golf: facebook golf: twitter golf: instagram golf: schedule golf: roster golf: news women's hockey women's hockey: facebook women's hockey: twitter women's hockey: instagram women's hockey: schedule women's hockey: roster women's hockey: news men's hockey men's hockey: facebook men's hockey: twitter men's hockey: instagram men's hockey: schedule men's hockey: roster men's hockey: news women's soccer women's soccer: facebook women's soccer: twitter women's soccer: instagram women's soccer: schedule women's soccer: roster women's soccer: news men's soccer men's soccer: facebook men's soccer: twitter men's soccer: instagram men's soccer: schedule men's soccer: roster men's soccer: news track and field track and field: facebook track and field: twitter track and field: instagram track and field: schedule track and field: roster track and field: news women's volleyball women's volleyball: facebook women's volleyball: twitter women's volleyball: instagram women's volleyball: schedule women's volleyball: roster women's volleyball: news men's volleyball men's volleyball: facebook men's volleyball: twitter men's volleyball: instagram men's volleyball: schedule men's volleyball: roster men's volleyball: news staff directory mission statement lancer history employment opportunities equity, diversity & accessibility lancer centre alternate travel form athletic scholarships lancer orientation 2021-22 lancer student athlete committee covid-19 vaccination policy vaccination exemption form oua tv lancer merchandise lancers illustrated - summer 2021 lancer all-time winners request mascot visit composite schedule alumni sports hall of fame corporate sponsorship visual identity media information ig cup oua conduct & discipline about us equity, diversity & accessibility staff directory registration lancer app groups & clubs health & wellness rec news nirsa fitness & nutrition social connections mental wellbeing intellectual/leadership workout of the week recconnect podcast fitness classes personal training yoga dance e-sports fall winter spring/summer ccel general information varsity sport camps general interest camps faq aquatics general information employment opportunities challenge course concussion education active attacker hazing education recreation careers student success & leadership covid-19 procedures hours of operation rental opportunities employment opportunities policies lancer app lancer centre dennis fairall fieldhouse alumni field forge fitness centre multi-purpose space memberships locker rooms lost & found parking information directions accessibility map & information campus map uwindsor.ca academic programs admissions scholarships student life residence life sport navigation menu lancer recreation scoreboard general interest camp mission statement our fun, energetic, and dedicated student staff will provide the chance for your child to develop skills in their specific camps, foster a better understanding of sportsmanship and leadership, and have fun. most importantly, we hope to provide the opportunity for your child to develop memorable experiences and lasting friendships in a safe and monitored environment. lancer camps start the week of july 4 and the last week is august 22. for varsity camp info, visit the varsity sports camps information page. the following general interest camps will be running all 8 weeks: camp weeks fee description little lancers week 1: july 4-8 week 2: july 11-15 week 3: july 18-22 week 4: july 25-29 week 5: august 2-5 week 6: august 8-12 week 7: august 15-19 week 8: august 22-26 $175 for all full week camps. $140 for holiday week (august 2-5) our little lancer camp will provide children ages 4-6 the opportunity to enhance their physical literacy skills. they are introduced to a variety of sports that will encourage fundamental movement skills, participation, and fun! throughout the week campers will also be involved in crafts, team building, and group activities as well as daily swimming. junior lancers week 1: july 4-8 week 2: july 11-15 week 3: july 18-22 week 4: july 25-29 week 5: august 2-5 week 6: august 8-12 week 7: august 15-19 week 8: august 22-26 $175 for all full week camps. $140 for holiday week (august 2-5) our jr. lancers sports camp will provide sports-enthusiasts ages 7 and 8 the opportunity to experience a variety of sports; that may include but are not limited to, soccer, basketball, floor hockey, volleyball, and flag football. throughout the week campers will also participate in team building and group activities, as well as daily swimming. intermediate lancers week 1: july 4-8 week 2: july 11-15 week 3: july 18-22 week 4: july 25-29 week 5: august 2-5 week 6: august 8-12 week 7: august 15-19 week 8: august 22-26 $175 for all full week camps. $140 for holiday week (august 2-5) our intermediate lancers sports camp just like jr. lancers will provide sports-enthusiasts the opportunity to experience a variety of sports; that may include but are not limited to, soccer, basketball, floor hockey, volleyball, and flag football. as a steppingstone to senior lancers, campers ages 9 and 10 will learn a variety of sport specific skills and techniques. throughout the week campers will also participate in team building and group activities as well as daily swimming. senior lancers week 1: july 4-8 week 2: july 11-15 week 3: july 18-22 week 4: july 25-29 week 5: august 2-5 week 6: august 8-12 week 7: august 15-19 week 8: august 22-26 $175 for all full week camps. $140 for holiday week (august 2-5) senior lancers sports camp will provide sports-enthusiasts between the ages of 11 and 13 the opportunity to practice a variety of sports; that may include but are not limited to, soccer, basketball, floor hockey, volleyball, and flag football. as the most senior level sport camp, participants will be given the chance to refine and enhance their specific skills and techniques. throughout the week campers will also participate in team building and group activities, and daily swimming. specialty camps: camp weeks fee description leaders in training week 1: july 4-8 week 2: july 11-15 early bird $299 regular $325 leaders in training is a camp for high school students, (13-year olds must be entering high school) aspiring to work in a summer camp environment in the future. this two-week co-ed camp will include a cpr/ first aid certification, as well as, the opportunity to complete the provincially mandated 40 hours of community service. during their first week, campers will complete their cpr training while participating in a number of leadership seminars and team building activities. successful completion of the first week will grant campers the opportunity to be placed in one of our lancer camps during week two. this will provide valuable first-hand experience in leadership while satisfying the requirements of their 40 community service hours. dance week 1: july 4-8 week 3: july 18-22 week 5: august 2-5 week 7: august 15-19 early bird $150 regular $175 this camp is open to all dancers aged 7- 13. upon arrival, participants will be divided by age and experience to learn the basics of various dance styles in a fun and creative atmosphere. each day will include a warm-up, choreography, crafts, and swimming. the week will end with a final showcase which will exhibit what the dancers have learned. girls in motion week 2: july 11-15 week 4: july 25-29 week 6: august 8-12 week 8: august 22-26 early bird $150 regular $175 the girls in motion camp is designed for girls to develop their physical literacy. physical literacy as defined by sport for life and other canadian physical education organizations is the mastering of fundamental movement skills and fundamental sports skills that will allow a child to move confidently and with control in a wide range of physical activity situations. girls will learn and develop their knowledge of the importance of physical activity, sport and fitness but also health, wellness and self-esteem. science week 3: july 18-22 week 4: july 25-29 week 7: august 15-19 currently $150 for early bird and $175 for regular?subject to change our science camp program will introduce campers to the world of possibilities in science. during registration campers will be divided by age: junior camp is for ages 7-9 and senior is 10-12. each day of camp will focus on a different area of science relevant to our everyday experiences, such as health, the environment, and the physical sciences. activities will include mini-experiments, projects, demonstrations, and science-themed games. this is a full day camp in which the educational portion is a half day that will take place in the faculty of science, primarily in essex hall. while the other half of he day, will include outdoor activities and swimming at the st. denis centre. limited to 20 participants per age group engineering week 3: july 18-22 week 6: august 8-12 currently $150 for early bird and $175 for regular?subject to change engineering at uwindsor invites you to take part in hands-on engineering activities. during registration, campers will be divided by age: junior camp is for ages 7-9 senior is 10-12. they will be introduced to a variety of engineering related concepts, including aerodynamics, forces and motion, fluid dynamics, material strength, and the design process. this is a full day camp in which the educational portion is a half day that will take place in our-state-of-the art engineering building on campus, the ed lumley centre for engineering innovation (cei). the other half of the day will include outdoor activities and swimming at the st. denis centre. lancer summer camps update & important dates - summer 2022 february 09, 2022 ? lancer summer camps is looking forward to welcoming campers back again this summer! protocols and capacities will be based on the province of ontario, university of windsor and windsor-essex county health unit. all camp programming will follow the advice on the operation of in-person summer camps as it relates to the latest information on covid-19. we are planning to deliver a safe and accessible camp opportunity that meets all health guidelines and allows children and youth to resume fun sport and social interaction. our lancer recreation camp staff will be well prepared with covid protocols and will continue to have your child?s wellbeing at the top of their priority list. vaccinations and camp: we will follow the university of windsor?s current vaccination policy of patrons age 12 and older are required to be fully vaccinated. this policy is in effect as per the provincial and university of windsor guidelines. summer camp guide/details available - program descriptions, prices and ages will be posted on the lancer summer camps website early bird summer camp registration opens - monday, may 2nd until tuesday, may 31st all registrations at this time will need to be done in person at the st. denis centre or by phone 519-973-7029 as we transition to a new registration platform. questions and concerns if you have any questions or concerns regarding the content of this section of the website please feel free to contact linda ruccolo at the front desk by email: lancercentre@uwindsor.ca or by phone: 519-973-7029 social media links check out our facebook, twitter, and instagram pages and follow us for updates! sponsors footer terms of service, opens in new window privacy policy, opens in new window sidearm sports learfield, opens a new window ad blocker detected thanks for visiting ! the use of software that blocks ads hinders our ability to serve you the content you came here to enjoy. we ask that you consider turning off your ad blocker so we can deliver you the best experience possible while you are here. thank you for your support! learn more about ad blockers close
