http://mediawikibe.uwindsor.ca/wiki/index.php/Getting_Started_Students_Bb
getting started students bb - blackboard wiki getting started students bb from blackboard wiki jump to: navigation, search contents 1 overview - students (blackboard) 1.1 introduction 1.2 accessing blackboard 1.3 signing in 1.4 finding your courses 1.4.1 method 1 1.4.2 method 2 1.4.3 can't find your course website 1.4.4 getting help 1.5 navigating your courses 1.6 course tools 1.6.1 syllabus 1.6.2 my grades 1.7 blackboard tools 1.7.1 discussions 1.7.2 e-mail 1.7.3 assignments 1.7.4 tests 1.7.5 journals 1.7.6 blogs 1.7.7 wikis 2 related articles overview - students (blackboard) introduction blackboard is the university of windsor?s learning management system. blackboard is completely web-based, and therefore you will need an internet connection to access its features. directly access the blackboard online self-help pages for students on getting started. accessing blackboard you can easily access blackboard learn by logging in at https://blackboard.uwindsor.ca using your uwin id and password. google results uwindsor alternatively, some find uwindsor's blackboard site easily by entering terms in a search engine such as google, "blackboard and uwindsor". the link will usually appear at or near the top of the search results page. once logged in, you will see links along the top of the page including - "home", "training," "courses," "organizations," "content collection". your courses are available in the courses tab, or they are visible from the home tab under my courses. finally, courses are visible from the myblackboard drop-down link near your name in the upper right corner. signing in you will need your uwin id and password to access your blackboard site. to sign in visit: http://blackboard.uwindsor.ca at the sign-in screen, you need to enter (or select) your full uwinid@uwindsor.ca (including the "@uwindsor.ca" part). your password is usually the same one you use to access your webmail. if you are unable to access blackboard, microsoft 365 apps (office 365) or uwinsite student through uwindsor's sign-in process, please ensure you have fully activated your uwin account by: setting up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options extending your uwin account if fully activating your uwin account does not resolve the issue, please also try syncing it. if you continue to have difficulty logging in, contact the service desk at ext. 4440 or submit a service request. finding your courses there are many ways you can access your course website in blackboard: method 1 click on the 'courses' tab in the top navigation menu you will see a list of all courses you are enrolled in, that have an active course site on blackboard select the course you would like to access, to open the site method 2 locate the navigation pane on the right panel of your homepage click on the arrow to access the drop down menu with a list of courses you are enrolled in select the course you would like to access, to open the site can't find your course website if you are unable to locate your course website, there may be a few possible reasons: your instructor may not be using a website for this course or has not yet made the course website available. you may not be properly enrolled in the course. verify your enrollment by logging into uwinsite student. if you have verified your enrollment and still cannot access your course site, there may be a temporary issue within the course website that need to be addressed. wait 24 hours to see if it resolves if you have made any recent changes to your enrolment in uwinsite student. if none of the above scenarios applies to you, contact the service desk for additional support by submitting a service request or contacting ext. 4440. getting help if you are experiencing difficulties using blackboard, you can create a service request to get help. to do so, navigate to http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbhelp and sign in using your uwinid and password. then complete the online form. also, you can visit uwindsor's online self-help pages for blackboard and locate the topic you need (there is a search box at the top right corner of the site too). further, blackboard hosts online self-help pages and videos at for students and we are using learn (the original experience), and collaborate: ultra experience. navigating your courses your course site will consist of a navigation bar at the top and navigation pane to the left. each course site will feature a set of tools, that your instructor has decided will assist you in your course. these tools may vary between your sites, depending on the settings instructor has set. the left navigation pane will give access to all available tools in your site. course tools the content of your courses will be available in the left navigation menu. each instructor has the option and ability to design their courses in a way that best fit their goals for the course. therefore you may notice differences in tool availability among your course sites. to familiarize yourself with the different course tools that blackboard has to offer; you may wish to explore the content of each of your courses. syllabus some instructors will post the course outline or syllabus using blackboard's syllabus tool. to access this tool locate the syllabus link in the left navigation menu click on the syllabus link if an attachment is available, you may click on it to open the syllabus or course outline. my grades my grades is a function in blackboard that allows your instructors to securely share grades and feedback with you (if your instructor is using blackboard to track grading). to access your grades click on the name of the course you would like to access click on my grades in the left navigation menu review your grades as posted. some grades may not be released yet to the class and that is up to your instructor's discretion when they will open access. blackboard tools blackboard has a number of interactive tools that you may find in your course sites. the availability of these tools within your course sites will vary depending on your instructor's settings. discussions the discussions tool allows you to engage in online discussion with members of your course. to create a thread select discussions from the left menu, or from within your course site as your instructor advises on the action bar, click create thread on the create thread page, ensure to type a subject include your question, description, or instructions in the message box. you may attach a file by using one of the following options: uploading a file from your computer by selecting the browse my computer for copyright cleared file option or from browsing the content collection to create the thread, click submit the thread will appear in the forum to reply to a discussion select discussions from the left menu, or from within your course site as your instructor advises select a topic select the thread you would like to reply to read the messages click the blue reply button under the message you would like to reply to type your reply in the message box to attach a file, you may select a file from your computer or browse the content collection click submit e-mail the e-mail tool in blackboard allows you to contact your course instructor, within the course site. depending on how your instructor has designed your course, this tool may or may not be available to you. it is wise to verify with your instructor the best method of communication during your course. to send an e-mail click send e-mail in the left hand menu click on the user type who you?d like to send an e-mail to use the message box to type your e-mail message to attach a file, click the attach a file button and browse your computer for the file click submit to send your message assignments the assignments tool in blackboard is the portal where you will submit course work. instructors will provide you with the information that you will need to complete any assignments in the course. to submit an assignment refer to your syllabus to locate where your instructor has placed assignments in your course. they may be located in a location on the left navigation menu, called assignments (if your instructor has chosen to put assignments in this location). alternatively, you may find some instructors use the resources section or another part of your course. once you've found the location for the assignment, then click the name of the assignment. on the upload assignment page, review the instructions, due date, points possible, and download any files provided by your instructor. you may complete the assignment by either following: writing your response in the text submission box where you can use the content editor to format text, add files, images, links, and multimedia. browsing your computer to attach an external file. follow the instructions that your instructor provided for naming your file. if you select the wrong file, you can remove it click submit. tests tests are another method of assessment that your instructor may use within a course site. instructors will provide you with the information that you will need to complete any tests in the course. we strongly recommend you review the student test taking best practices article ahead of writing your online tests. you can also practice taking tests in the student orientation to blackboard course site that you have access to in your courses menu. to take a test, use the following steps ensure you are on a desktop computer with a wired connection for best results. navigate to the location in your course site where you instructor has prepared the test and click the title. click begin to take the test. your instructor may choose to have you type a password to begin taking a test. if necessary, type the valid password and click submit to begin the test. test answers are saved automatically. you can also click save next to each question or save all answers at the top or bottom of the page. it is recommended to click save all answers every 10-15 minutes regardless. when you complete the test, click save and submit. you may have to click the ok button in the bottom right to reveal any further information your instructor wishes to share. journals the journal tool is an area where you may communicate with your course instructor in a private setting. you may also use this tool to self-reflect on your course experience. you may wish to verify with your instructor if this tool will be available in your course site. to access the journal tool click journals in the left navigation menu or wherever else in the course that your instructor has prepared access to the journal, such as resources. click the name of the journal you would like to access to create a journal entry on the journal topic page, click create journal entry. on the create journal entry page, enter a title and message you may also upload an external file from your computer to the journal files area. when you have finished writing your journal entry, click post entry to submit. you may also save your journal entry as a draft for later posting. blogs blogs are similar to journals, however, they can be viewed by all members in your course site. members of your course site can also leave comments on your blog posts. to access the blogs tool locate the blogs link in the left navigation menu or wherever your instructor has prepared a blog in your course. click on the link to access blog topics click on the topic you would like to access to create a blog entry on the blog topics page, click create blog entry on the create blog entry page, create and title and message you may wish to add an external file from your computer. you may do so by clicking the browse my computer link and uploading your file. when you have finished writing your blog post, click post entry to submit you may also save the blog entry as a draft for later posting. wikis wikis are collaborative documents that allow you to contribute and modify pages of information. your instructor may wish to you have you collaborate with other students on a wiki page as a method of assessment. only instructors can create a wiki document, but students can create pages. to create a wiki page locate the wiki tool in the left navigation menu or wherever your instructor has prepared access to the wiki tool in your course, such as resources on the wiki page, click create wiki page on the create wiki page, include a title and your information. you may use the content editor to format your text, include external files, images, links and multimedia. when you are finished editing your wiki page, click submit. wiki's are collaborative documents, therefore any member of a group may edit a page. note that when a member is editing a wiki page, it is locked for a period of 2 minutes to prevent other members from editing the page at the same time. to edit a wiki page locate the wiki page from the left navigation menu or wherever else your instructor has given access to the wiki tools select the wiki page you would like to edit click edit wiki content make the required changes click submit to save your changes to comment on wiki pages locate the wiki topic page and select the wiki page you would like to comment on click comment and type your message click add to submit your comment related articles articles that also relate to the category:bb students: assessments for students blackboard collaborate for students common blackboard browser issues common blackboard collaborate issues user:ericmc getting started for students getting started students bb grading for students groupwork for students how to log in to the blackboard mobile app student faqs student help:getting started student help:mobile why is blackboard unavailable? we are constantly trying to improve the information in this wiki. if you notice any errors or omissions with this material, please advise the lms team or submit a service request at http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbhelp. retrieved from "http://mediawikibe.uwindsor.ca/wiki/index.php?title=getting_started_students_bb&oldid=12334" categories: blackboard bb students accessing blackboard navigation menu personal tools log in namespaces page discussion variants views read view source view history more search navigation home online preparedness workshops and supports disruptions to classes support explore by role for instructors for ga or tas for students log in blackboard login online help sites uwindsor's blackboard help a-z topics (instructors and assistants) - u of w faqs for instructors - u of w faqs for students - u of w main index - u of w blackboard's help site request help request help university pages university of windsor ctl home page its home page copyright information recent changes random page tools what links here related changes special pages printable version permanent link page information this page was last modified on 28 may 2021, at 15:45. content is available under creative commons attribution-noncommercial-sharealike unless otherwise noted. privacy policy about blackboard wiki disclaimers
