https://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/getting-started-students
getting started - students | information technology services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students information technology services information technology services getting started home about us our services getting started students faculty staff authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support home about us our services getting started students faculty staff authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support uwindsor home information technology services getting started getting started - students getting started - students welcome to information technology services at the university of windsor! as our name suggests, we provide technology and related services to uwindsor faculty, staff and students in support of the university's academic, research and administrative goals. the information on this page is intended to help new students with their technology needs and questions as they settle in at uwindsor. additional information regarding the technologies, services and resources highlighted below can be found in the uwindsor it self-service client portal. gather your necessities set up your mfa options multi-factor authentication (mfa) combines two or more independent credentials or "factors" ? typically what you know (e.g. your password) paired with something you have (e.g. your mobile phone) ? to create a second layer of security for your uwin account. at uwindsor we use mfa to verify the identity of an individual trying to access our protected online resources such as blackboard, microsoft 365 apps, or uwinsite student from a non-trusted location (off-campus networks). it services recommends new students set up their mfa options before extending their uwin account: navigate to myprofile.microsoft.com in a web browser and sign in your uwinid@uwindsor.ca and uwin account password. in the security info box, click the update info link. click the + add method button to add an authentication method. to learn more about authentication methods, signing in with mfa and how to set up your mfa options if you have already extended your uwin account, check out this ask.uwindsor article. extend your uwin account just like setting up your mfa options, extending your uwin account is critically important as your uwin id and uwin account password are essentially your keys to access: your uwindsor email account the university?s student information system, uwinsite student the university's online learning system, blackboard microsoft 365 apps (formerly office 365) including teams, stream, word and more the university's wireless network the leddy and law libraries other online services as part of extending your uwin account, you will choose and answer your security questions. your security questions will help you reset your uwin account password should you need to in the future as well allow the it service desk to serve you in a more secure manner on the web or over the phone. for assistance extending your uwin account, read this ask.uwindsor article. check your uwindsor email after successfully extending your uwin account, the university will send all email communications to your uwinid@uwindsor.ca email account as per university policy. please check this account regularly! the easiest way to access your uwindsor email is using the web version of outlook: go to www.uwindsor.ca/studentemail. click the sign in to outlook button. on the sign in screen, enter your full uwinid@uwindsor.ca (including the ?@uwindsor.ca? part) and click the next button. on the enter password screen, enter your uwin account password and click the sign in button. if you are using an off-campus network, you will also be prompted to multi-factor authenticate. (for example, enter a verification code if you selected the ?phone ? text? or ?authenticator app or hardware token? as your default secondary authentication method.) for other way to access your uwindsor email, please see this ask.uwindsor article. pack your bag get your tech (minimum computer requirements) to support your studies, you will require access to specific computer hardware and software for most uwindsor courses. the standard computing platform supported by it services is a device running current, supported versions of microsoft windows and microsoft 365 apps (aka microsoft office 365). for more details on minimum and recommended computing requirements, read this article. you can also access uwindsor?s dell student portal at www.dell.ca/uofwindsor if you are interested in purchasing a computer. the dell member purchase progam is available to all uwindsor students and among its benefits offers an extra 5% discount off the lowest advertised price. download windows 10 it services recommends and fully supports the microsoft windows 10 operating system. as a bonus, windows 10 - education version is free for students! to download: go to uwindsor.onthehub.com on the sign in screen, enter/select your uwinid@uwindsor.ca. click the next button. on the enter password screen, enter your uwin account password. click the sign in button. select "windows 10 - education" and install. install microsoft 365 apps all current uwindsor students ? as well as faculty and staff members ? have access to the full desktop version of microsoft 365 apps (aka microsoft office 365) for use on up to five devices. microsoft 365 apps include: outlook and outlook on the web (email, calendar, contacts) word, excel, powerpoint, publisher (pc only), access (pc only), and onenote onedrive (cloud file storage of up 1tb) microsoft teams & groups (collaborate with colleagues on a single platform for chat, meetings, file sharing, video conferencing, etc.) microsoft stream (video sharing/streaming site) stay cyber safe uwindsor takes cybersecurity very seriously. it services asks all campus community members to: be aware that higher education is a target for thieves and spies use recommended software and hardware configurations use mobile devices that are still under support from vendor (less than 3 years old) use anti-virus software utilize the university?s virtual private network (vpn) when accessing systems from off-campus locations get software from app stores and media from legitimate services (e.g. google play, netflix) patch, update and restart computers and devices regularly preserve confidentiality by using teams and onedrive instead of social media and dropbox more information about cybersecurity is available here: www.uwindsor.ca/cybersecurity. hit the ground running blackboard learn blackboard learn, commonly known as blackboard, is uwindsor?s learning management system. it provides instructors and students with a rich, diverse and integrated virtual environment for their teaching and learning activities. blackboard (blackboard.uwindsor.ca) is accessed with your uwin account and protected by mfa. for a great introduction to uwindsor blackboard, the online student orientation to blackboard course is recommended. to find it, sign into blackboard and look under home tab > my courses. the course covers how to navigate in blackboard, allows you to simulate submitting an assignment and a test, highlights how to find help and includes a tutorial on how to use blackboard collaborate ultra (known commonly as the virtual classroom). for further assistance using blackboard as a student, the following resources are available: students - getting started in blackboard uwindsor blackboard online self-help for students blackboard learn?s youtube channel for students if you need additional blackboard assistance, open a ticket. uwinsite student uwinsite student is uwindsor?s student information system. it is a comprehensive tool used by students, faculty and staff to perform tasks and manage information relating to the academic status of students. uwinsite student (www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent) is accessed with your uwin account and protected by mfa. you are already somewhat familiar with uwinsite student as you used it to register for your courses. as a student, your student homepage is your self-service dashboard from which you can manage your personal information, monitor your academic progress, see your financial account, apply for student awards and more. for assistance with uwinsite student tasks, please see the uwinsite student resources or check out the uwinsite student articles on ask.uwindsor. if you need additional uwinsite student assistance, open a ticket. it self-service client portal the it self-service client portal is the place to ask questions as well as find answers and solutions to common it issues related to uwindsor?s systems and applications. students, faculty and staff can also use the portal to submit their service requests and report issues by opening tickets for each of the services listed in our service catalogue. clients can then track progress on their tickets and provide feedback directly to staff assigned to work on their tickets. other resources it services help and support it services policies it services news and system status updates tech talk - byte-sized video how-tos and tips for leveraging its-supported software software distribution and support a comprehensive listing of services provided by it services can also be referenced in the it services a - z guide share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
