https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/gifts-endowments-and-trusts
gifts, endowments and trusts | finance department skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students finance department finance department financial accounting & reporting for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms uwindsor home finance department financial accounting & reporting gifts, endowments and trusts gifts, endowments and trusts gift and donor data information system the university of windsor uses a blackbaud tool (raiser?s edge v. 7) for donor data. raiser?s edge, version 7 is locally hosted, and is not cloud based. the university of windsor was not impacted by the recent data breach at blackbaud that impacted cloud-based clients. mission & vision the gift and pledge processing area within far supports the university?s mission by processing and accounting the generous gifts and pledges provided by our alumni and friends. gifts of securities it is our pleasure to receive gifts of shares and other investment products from our alumni and friends. when gifts of investments are received, it is our policy to sell them as soon as administratively possible. the university?s protocol for gifts of securities is outlined in the protocol for donations of shares document. we request that major gift officers and others facilitating these gifts on campus complete the securities transfer form to ensure they are processed expediently. gifts in kind the university appreciates gifts of goods to departments. should a donor wish to receive a donation receipt for their gift of goods, we ask that the request for donation receipt for gift in kind form be completed. endowment and trust accounts campus community members who wish to open and endowment or trust are requested to complete the application to open a trust account form. donations must be accompanied by the information for incoming donations form please view our gift acceptance policy. contact information paige sowerby ? manager restricted funds email: paige.sowerby@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
