https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/give-law
give to law | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students ways to give support uwindsor give to a faculty welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give make an online gift now annual giving give to a faculty faculty of arts, humanities & social sciences athletics and recreation faculty of education faculty of engineering faculty of graduate studies faculty of human kinetics leddy library faculty of nursing faculty of law odette school of business faculty of science corporate and foundation giving gifts of stock & securities gifts from u.s. friends planned giving volunteer with the alumni association impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give make an online gift now annual giving give to a faculty faculty of arts, humanities & social sciences athletics and recreation faculty of education faculty of engineering faculty of graduate studies faculty of human kinetics leddy library faculty of nursing faculty of law odette school of business faculty of science corporate and foundation giving gifts of stock & securities gifts from u.s. friends planned giving volunteer with the alumni association impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor ways to give give to a faculty give to law give to law transforming windsor law when the ron w. ianni building was conceived, the architects had in mind a new kind of law school. the building was bold and its lines, materials and common spaces were meant to reflect ?law as a social process.? the building has served us well for many years but is showing its age. in 2018, windsor law?s 50th anniversary year presented an opportune time to rethink our space needs for teaching, research, advocacy and service in a renewed building and on a renewed university campus. it is exciting to conceive of a building that could serve windsor law for the next 50 years. please explore the upcoming building transformation in this section of our website. to help us plan for a transformed space, the steering committee has developed 5 guiding principles: create a welcoming and accessible place that instils pride in windsor law. increase usable building space in a way that puts the student experience at the centre and that supports dynamic teaching, research, experiential learning and service. design flexible and multi-purpose spaces that are forward-looking and open to change. connect the building to our local indigenous peoples, physical environment, heritage and communities. promote environmental sustainability, health and well-being. funds raised to date: by donating to the transforming windsor law campaign, you are supporting the upcoming renovations to the ron w. ianni faculty of law building. with your help, we are going to take what?s good about our building and make it more warm, welcoming and suitable for law teaching today. your investment in the building will enhance our reputation and make us all proud. donate to the faculty of law donate to the transforming windsor law campaign for major gift inquiries, including terms of duration and charitable receipts, please contact our alumni and fund development office. our team karen momotiuk chapman, ba, llb alumni and fund development alumni and fund development office windsor law class of 1996 519.253.3000 ext. 2920 contact karen for: faculty of law alumni relationships, annual giving, events & reunions. shae harasym, ba, jd major gift officer alumni and fund development office windsor law class of 2013 519.253.3000 ext. 4231 contact shae for: major gifts, scholarships and award development. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
