https://good2talk.ca/
good2talk fran?ais good2talk provides free, confidential support services for post-secondary students in ontario and nova scotia choose province ontario nova scotia go support in ontario call 1-866-925-5454 text good2talkon to 686868 use facebook messenger support in nova scotia call 1-833-292-3698 text good2talkns to 686868 support for post-secondary students in ontario good2talk offers free, confidential support to post-secondary students in ontario 24/7. discover good2talk ontario support for post-secondary students in nova scotia good2talk offers free, confidential support to post-secondary students in nova scotia 24/7. explore good2talk nova scotia how are post-secondary students feeling about good2talk? the crisis responder was really helpful lol and i didn?t feel any judgement from them when i was explaining myself and how u felt. they really created a safe space. exactly what i needed, exactly when i needed it. you?re work doesn?t go unnoticed, thank you for supporting me during thought times. today could have been a really bad day. you helped me take an overwhelming feeling and cope with it. this bad moment didn?t ruin my whole day or week, all because i talked to you. to me, it was life changing. i know that you must go through a lot, having to hear depressing stuff all day long. i just wanna say that you?re doing work that really matters and are underappreciated. please continue helping people like me and be sure to take care of yourself as well ?? very helpful conversation, first time using the service after a lot of issues. i appreciate you making yourself available overnight for people! it can feel shameful/intimidating to reach out so the positive/affirming/kind approach helped! crisis responder, thank you so much for your help and kind words. you were very understanding and nonjudgmental, and appreciated every second of our conversation. sitemap privacy policy services in ontario and nova scotia choose province ontario nova scotia go ? 2022 good2talk. all rights reserved. exit
