https://www.ontario.ca/page/government-ontario
government of ontario | ontario.ca skip to main content ontario.ca needs javascript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. to have a better experience, you need to: go to your browser's settings enable javascript government of ontario home page search search fran?ais fr search menu close arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation government of ontario ontario.ca is the official website of the ontario government. coronavirus (covid?19) in ontario follow the covid?19 restrictions and public health measures. book a vaccine if you need your first, second or booster dose, book now. book an appointment online call the provincial vaccine contact centre at 1-833-943-3900 to book over the phone. this line is available 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m., 7 days a week. learn about vaccine safety have symptoms? take a self-assessment to help determine how to seek further care if you think you have covid?19 symptoms or have been in close contact with someone who has it. arts and culture performances, galleries, museums, grants and heritage properties. business and economy business owners, research grants, economic development, trade and more. driving and roads road conditions, licence and registration and more. education and training schools, financial aid, skills training and child care. environment and energy conservation, air, water, fish and wildlife, electricity and more. health and wellness health card, organ donation, locations, wellness and disease prevention. home and community address change, birth and marriage certificates, tenant protection and more. jobs and employment jobs, training, employment standards and employer hiring incentives. law and safety legal system, consumer rights, courts, police, emergency and victim services. rural and north local food, agriculture, communities and development. taxes and benefits financial supports, personal income tax, hst and business taxes. travel and recreation ontario parks, fishing and hunting and tourism. new to ontario? everything you need to know about moving to and getting settled in ontario, including information on bank accounts, housing, jobs, schools, child care, health care, driver's licences and more. immigrating to ontario? learn about the different ways you can immigrate to ontario and find out what supports are available to you. government how government works, open government and the public service. contact us through a ministry. serviceontario driver licences, plate stickers, health cards, birth certificates and other services provided by the ontario government. updated: april 01, 2022 published: october 14, 2021 image government of ontario the government of ontario includes ministries, agencies and crown corporations. about ontario accessibility news privacy terms of use ? queen?s printer for ontario, 2012?to22 contact us topics main menu en arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation top
