https://www.uwindsor.ca/graduation-convocation/
graduation & convocation skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students graduation & convocation in this section applying to graduate 2022 spring - dates and times graduation checklist convocation faq's inviting your family to attend (international students) ceremony information securing your diploma << watch the webcast >> convocation program archive convocation video archive applying to graduate 2022 spring - dates and times graduation checklist convocation faq's inviting your family to attend (international students) ceremony information securing your diploma << watch the webcast >> convocation program archive convocation video archive uwindsor home graduation & convocation applying to graduate applying to graduate spring 2022 convocation: the window to apply to graduate for spring 2022 convocation is now open. to apply to graduate, please log on to uwinsite student. all students who will have completed their degree requirements by the end of the winter term, must apply to graduate whether they plan to attend convocation ceremony or not. for additional convocation info, visit convocation.uwindsor.ca deadlines: if you are eligible to apply to graduate for spring 2022 convocation no fee deadline: march 1, 2022 late applications to graduate: march 2, 2022 late applications to graduate: march 2 to may 1, 2022 no applications to graduate will be accepted after: may 1, 2022 update name in uwinsite student (for diploma/certificate): may 1st (spring convocation) / september 15th (fall convocation) update mailing address in uwinsite student: may 1st (spring convocation) / september 15th (fall convocation) please note, if you apply during the late application period, a non-refundable, non-transferable late fee will be charge. see registrarial service fees for applying after the deadline late fee. the application to graduate process is completed in uwinsite student. for complete instructions, please read this apply to graduate ask.uwindsor article. note: choose ?winter 2022" as your expected graduation term as this is the term in which you will complete your degree requirements. after you have applied to graduate, it is recommended that you check your graduation eligibility status in uwinsite student regularly, as applications are being evaluated on an ongoing basis. for instructions on how to monitor your graduation eligibility status, please refer to the monitor my graduation status ask.uwindsor article. note: your graduation eligibility status will be "approved" or "conditionally eligible" if you have been deemed eligible to graduate. specifically: - "approved" indicates you are approved to graduate - "conditionally eligible" indicates you are conditionally eligible to graduate based on the successful completion of your courses. important: all graduation email correspondence will be directed to your uwin email account. all graduation mailings will be sent to the mailing address on file on your uwinsite student profile. please ensure that your current mailing address is up to date. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
