http://www.uwindsor.ca/kinesiology/462/graduate-programs
graduate | kinesiology skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk kinesiology kinesiology top back to kinesiology main page about kinesiology news & events undergraduate graduate master of human kinetics phd in kinesiology our students our faculty and staff research job opportunities alumni experiential learning social media apply to kinesiology faculty of human kinetics anti-racism subcommittee back to kinesiology main page about kinesiology news & events undergraduate graduate master of human kinetics phd in kinesiology our students our faculty and staff research job opportunities alumni experiential learning social media apply to kinesiology faculty of human kinetics anti-racism subcommittee uwindsor home kinesiology top graduate graduate click to view the university's covid-19 info page welcome to graduate studies in the faculty of human kinetics! we are excited to have you as part of our hk family. for nearly 50 years, we have been committed to helping our graduate trainees succeed through a wide variety of programs, initiatives, and experiences. as a faculty, our mission is to create an optimal training environment for our students to excel in fundamental and applied research to promote excellence and professional competence. our vision is to be globally recognized for our collaborative training environment, where our trainees are exposed to and conduct high quality research exploration in applied human performance and sport management with the freedom to explore within and across disciplines. benefiting from the expertise of nearly 30 graduate faculty members, over a dozen research laboratories, centres and groups, and hundreds of community and industry partners, our trainees find rewarding traditional and non-traditional careers across academia and industry. ?the road to excellence is always under construction? unknown. in effort to continually enhance the quality of our graduate experience, promote our research prowess, and emphasize the ?employability? of our graduates, we will focus over the next three years on five strategic priorities: recognition and celebration of academic excellence maximization of global graduate education and impact increased sources of sustainable funding professional and personal development graduate program growth. view the graduate studies strategic plan here. our team-oriented approach in implementing these priorities will ensure success and broad-reaching impact, and will provide a foundation for our scholars to become recognized leaders in exercise and physical activity, motor behaviour, injury prevention, exercise and sport psychology, health and wellness, sport management and/or recreation research. cheri l. m. mcgowan, phd professor associate dean, research & graduate studies the department of kinesiology, in the faculty of human kinetics, offers a master of human kinetics (m.h.k.) degree, as well as a ph.d. program in kinesiology. master of human kinetics the program offers concentration in either applied human performance (sport and exercise psychology, biomechanics and ergonomics, exercise physiology, motor learning and control, lifespan development) or sport management (leadership, organizational behaviour, community development, sport finance and economics, sport and the law, sport sociology, sport history, sport marketing). the program is uniquely structured to offer both a research thesis stream and an internship stream. the internship stream provides students with hands-on work experience to complement their coursework. our program is well established with 21 graduate faculty members supervising 80 m.h.k. students. there are several well-funded laboratories and research groups supporting student research. deadline date for fall (september start): february 1 to be considered for an entrance scholarship. deadline date for winter (january start): september 1 students must submit a complete application package, including referee reports to be considered for an entrance scholarship. deadline date for summer (may start): january 1 students must submit a complete application package, including referee reports to be considered for an entrance scholarship. ph.d. in kinesiology the foundation of our ph.d. program in kinesiology is a community-based focus recognized as ensuring the well-being of both individuals and the collective at the local, national, and international levels. graduates will be prepared to provide the resources necessary to sustain the community and will be able to supply current, novel ideas, and knowledge. this community-based focus in a kinesiology program is not represented in any other existing program in canada. students will be required to complete four courses, one of which is a community-based internship. the internship will encourage the integration of our students into ongoing community initiatives, enhance responsibility for meeting the needs of others while improving the overall well-being of canadians, and encourage students to utilize previously acquired skills while gaining new skills, appropriate to their internship setting. the targeted steady-state student enrolment for the phd program in kinesiology is sixteen doctoral students. deadline date for fall: february 1 dr. nadia azar - graduate admissions coordinator for more information email: hkgrad@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
