https://www.uwindsor.ca/humanresources/2022-FT-09
graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering | human resources skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students human resources human resources in this section home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events human resources graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering employment group list: unifor 2458 full-time posting type: external job posting number: 2022-ft-09 closing date: 08/04/2022 - 4:00pm primary responsibility: the graduate/financial secretary provides secretarial and administrative support to the graduate program and services in the department of electrical and computer engineering (ece). summary of duties: provides information to current and prospective graduate students and responds to general questions about department?s admission policies. administers scholarship applications. this includes providing information about awards, coordinating reports, ensuring all documentation is complete and forwarding information for review. coordinates and administers graduate assistantships as approved by the graduate coordinator and department head. this includes preparing of ga postings and contracts, assisting with ga allocations, etc. monitors and tracks the number of ga?s held by each student and the evaluation results. assists and coordinates the preparation and submission of various documents and reports within the graduate area. assists faculty members and staff on follow up relating to academic policies and procedures to identify and support resolution of student matters. purchases office supplies and follows up on requests for maintenance of xerox equipment. acts as general reception / front line staff and responds to departmental general enquiries by phone and email. monitors and tracks records within the electronic graduate application system egas to ensure application information is complete and the process advances to completion. per faculty of grad studies guidelines, reviews domestic and international transcripts, degrees, and mark sheets to ensure students meet gpa, averages, and language requirements per ece department standards. distributes reports, agendas related to department meetings, distributes all correspondence as required, schedules graduate committee meetings and record minutes. develops and maintains information through databases and prepares reports on former and current student for graduate student tracking, progress through program, graduate seminar requirements, graduate advisor information etc. processes and follows up on invoice payments, purchase requisitions and supports faculty member expense submissions as needed. initiates contingent worker forms or one-time only payments to reimburse student expenses. assists department head in budget forecast and reconciliations based on departmental goals and ensure that graduate assistantship assignments are within the allotted budget for each academic year and tracks departmental expenses. other duties as assigned. essential qualifications: the successful candidate will have: diploma in office administration and/or significant experience in an administrative office setting demonstrated experience in evaluation of domestic and international transcripts and degrees demonstrated strong analytical skills, including the ability to interpret and apply policies and procedures ability to problem solve, thinking independently, and take initiative ability to adhere to deadlines and prioritize multiple tasks with the ability to maintain a high degree of accuracy excellent organizational skills cultural sensitivity ? ability to deliver services and support towards individuals whose first language is not english excellent interpersonal skills and customer service, including experience interacting with a wide range of students, faculty, and administrators excellent interpersonal as well as communication skills - verbal and written ability to act with tact, diplomacy and maintain confidentiality knowledge of academic rules and regulations, senate bylaws and university policies/procedures in relation to graduate students and faculty members proficiency with uwinsite student & electronic graduate application system egas (or similar systems) proficiency with uwinsite finance or compatible database systems proficiency with computer applications including microsoft office (word, excel, powerpoint, and outlook - calendar and e-mail preferred qualifications: knowledge of program development committee (pdc) forms and processes as it relates to the position the following tests will be administered: ms word (basic level), ms excel (basic level); typing (40 nwpm) hours of work: monday to friday 8:30am ? 4:30pm rate of pay: as per schedule 'a' - unifor 2458 ft collective agreement how to apply if you need an accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the employment coordinator at extension 4523. should you require further information on accommodations, please visit the office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea). please note that the job postings are removed from this site by the end of business on the closing date listed on the posting. the university thanks all applicants for their interest, however, only those candidates considered for an interview will be contacted. applications submitted through employment agencies will not be considered. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
