http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/354/apply?elqTrackId=5ea9d9fca8ed4395bda15495332d8cc6&elqaid=697&elqat=2
graduate application steps | faculty of graduate studies skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news faculty of graduate studies future students future students graduate programs winter term 2022 admission requirements tuition fees apply application instructions egas future students faq future students graduate programs winter term 2022 admission requirements tuition fees apply application instructions egas future students faq follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home faculty of graduate studies future students graduate application steps graduate application steps when you begin the application submission, you will be transferred to the university of windsor graduate applications website where you will complete and submit your initial online application. note: to be eligible for and receive an entrance scholarship (see scholarships and awards), a full application package must be completed and approved. step 1: complete the initial online application review the detailed instructions for completing the initial online application (will open up in a new window) and return to this page log in to the application website and create an account if you do not already have one. note: current and former uwindsor students must also create an account in the application website. your uwin id and password will not give you to access to this site. complete the application pay the application fee click the "submit application" bar if you have successfully submitted your application you will see a confirmation number on the screen. once your application and payment have been processed, you will receive an application acknowledgement email. note that it may take up to two business days to receive this email. in addition, to allow our electronic graduate application system (egas) to be updated with your information, please wait at least 24 hours after receiving the application acknowledgement email before following the steps below. step 2: activate uwin id if you already have an active uwin id proceed to step 3. use the student number and personal access code provided in the email from step 1 to activate your uwin account. you will receive an email with your activated uwin username and password. step 3: upload your documents to egas follow the instructions in the confirmation email from step 1 to log into the university's electronic graduate application system (egas) with your activated uwin username and password and upload your required documents (in pdf format) an automatic email will be sent out to referees, if required in step 1. once you have uploaded all required documents, select "submit application". if your documents are double-sided, be sure to scan and submit both sides of each document. step 4: track your application on egas to view the status of your application, please log onto egas (as described in step 3) with your uwin id and password. the status of your application will automatically populate after authentication. note: graduate applicants cannot view their application status through the uwinsite "applicant homepage", only through egas. ready to begin your application? log in to the application website need help? and select the topic 'applying ? graduate' for assistance. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter grad news your voice counts: take the canadian graduate and professional student survey faculty of graduate studies 2nd annual twitter-based graduate showcase: may 18 2022-23 nserc undergraduate student research awards (usra) deadlines for graduate scholarship competitions 2021-22 canada graduate scholarships - 2022 master's (cgs-m) competition for cihr, nserc or sshrc more news future students faq ask.uwindsor.ca how do i apply? what is the status of my application? i've been accepted. now what? share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
