https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2022-02-28/grant-help-alumna-scale-literacy-programs
grant to help alumna scale literacy programs | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews uwindsor alumna camesha cox has won a $750,000 grant from td bank for her literacy program called the reading partnership for parents. grant to help alumna scale literacy programs mar 1st, 2022 camesha cox (bcomm 2007, b.ed 2009) is a founder. while a student at the university of windsor, she organized the first african disaspora festival, afrofest. once out in the working world, cox founded the reading partnership, a non-profit organization that delivers literacy programs to some of toronto?s poorest neighbourhoods. now, armed with a $750,000 grant from td bank, cox will be able to say she is helping parents across the country teach their children to read. cox?s organization has won a td ready challenge grant to help address predicted learning loss due to the pandemic. the reading partnership will use the grant to expand its early literacy programming to new communities across canada. ?school closures and the shift to remote learning during the pandemic disproportionately impacts certain groups, based on factors like race, ethnicity, socioeconomic stats, and geographic location,? cox said. ?while numerous school subjects have been impacted, reading is of particular concern.? together with the canadian children?s literacy foundation, the reading partnership will expand its reading partnership for parents program, which helps parents teach their children in kindergarten and grade 1 to read. the first program cox designed when she launched her organization 10 years ago, reading partnership for parents has been offered to families in the kingston-galloway-orton park community in east scarborough. the area has a high poverty rate and is home to the highest concentration of social housing in toronto. helping children in ?low-income, high-potential neighbourhoods? reach their potential is the idea of the program, said cox. ?parents need to be empowered to help their kids,? she said. ?we need a safety net in place for kids not being adequately supported in schools.? cox graduated from the bachelor of commerce and bachelor of education programs at uwindsor and later earned a master of education from the university of toronto and a post-graduate degree in social innovation from the university of waterloo. she said a year of teaching in london, england inspired her to focus on children being left behind in the education system. in the east london borough of hackney, cox developed a literacy program for students in grades 7 to 9 who before her intervention were reading at a primary level. ?i knew what was happening in london was happening in my community back home.? cox wanted to focus on prevention. with a $12,000 grant from the united way, she launched the reading partnership with programming to help 12 families. it has grown each year, and now has three signature programs. one, called 360 stories, helps children aged 9 to 12 bring their ideas for a book to life. they get one-on-one support to write, illustrate, and publish their stories. more than 100 children can now boast they are published authors, their stories included in one of eight anthologies created through the reading partnership in collaboration with story planet, another toronto-based literacy organization. during the pandemic, cox launched kids read to, a virtual reading program offered throughout the greater toronto area. children work their way though a chapter book together through weekly online sessions. ?there?s a social element that was important during the pandemic,? said cox. ?they?re neighbourhoods apart, but they?re brought together because they are reading the same book.? the reading partnership offers free books and literacy kits to families. the organization collaborates with toronto-area colleges on programs and receives funding through the united way and the provincial ministry of children, community and social services. a registered charity, the reading partnership holds fundraising events and relies on donations to offer its programming. this year, cox hopes to open a new revenue stream by offering the ready partnership literacy kits for sale. ?it?s been a beautiful journey,? said cox, of how her organization has grown. she credits cecil houston, the late uwindsor dean of the faculty of arts, humanities and social studies, for helping give her the skills for success. when she organized the first afrofest, cox asked dr. houston?s faculty for money. houston set up a meeting, where he not only gave her money, but marked up her proposal with revisions to improve her chances of getting funding elsewhere, too. ?i learned so much in that one meeting,? cox said. ?he was so encouraging.? when houston died in 2016, his family asked that memorial donations be made to uwindsor?s african diaspora empowerment fund, a scholarship fund cox helped him establish. cox said her commerce degree helps her run the business end of her organization. her teacher training has helped her develop materials and deliver the programing. ?many of the skills i?m using i developed right there on campus,? she said. the funding through the td ready challenge is a watershed moment for her organization. ?it?s been incubating in one community for 10 years and now we can scale it,? she said. ?it?s a blessing to be able to do this kind of work.? ?sarah sacheli camesha cox alumni share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
