https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/479/guidelines-events-and-approved-activities-campus
guidelines for events and approved activities on campus | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols reporting an illness - faculty & staff self-assessment questionnaire qr code scanning and designated entrances resource documents mental health & well-being supports and resources information sessions guidelines for events and approved activities on campus building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols reporting an illness - faculty & staff self-assessment questionnaire qr code scanning and designated entrances resource documents mental health & well-being supports and resources information sessions guidelines for events and approved activities on campus building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols guidelines for events and approved activities on campus guidelines for events and approved activities on campus the guidelines outlined on this site apply to university organized events, meetings and other gatherings held on or off campus. they have been designed to meet covid-19 public health guidelines and health and safety measures. all events held on or off campus require the approval of the dean/ director/department head. event organizers must review the university of windsor's covid-19 safety plan and ensure the planned event complies with university health and safety protocols outlined within. based on the nature of the event, organizers must then complete the applicable checklists as outlined below: regular university-business activities examples: training and professional development, orientation, meetings, administrative events, workshops, information booths, and media events where no food or drink is provided. for regular university business activities that the department has included in the department?s return to campus checklist, the organizers must ensure that the protocols outlined in the university?s current covid-19 safety plan and event guidelines checklist are followed. there is no need to the submit the checklist to health & safety for approval. the organizer of the regular business activity must keep a copy of the completed checklist for their records. if the activity is being held in a space not designed for occupancy (e.g. lobby, hallway, etc.), a floor plan must be submitted to health and safety for review/approval by windsor fire & rescue services a minimum of 4 weeks prior to the event. reference documents: event guidelines checklist curbside pick-up events examples: distribution of class or other materials, food pick-up. for curbside pick-up events a reservation form must be completed and sent to parking@uwindsor.ca. there is no need to submit event checklist for curbside pick-up events to health & safety for approval. event organizers are required to retain a copy for 30 days, and make available to h&s, upon request. reference document: event guidelines parking services application form full-service events or conferences, student-led events, or events with high-risk activities examples: regular business activities where food and drink is provided (e.g. full-service events with indoor dining), large events, conferences, student-led activities/special events (e.g. welcome week, frosh week, etc.), or events with activities deemed as higher risk (e.g., breaching 2 m physical distancing, performances or entertainment, physical activities with safety hazards, etc.). for these events, organizers must complete the applicable forms below and submit to health & safety at safety@uwindsor.ca for approval at least 2 weeks prior to the event. if the activity is being held in a space not designed for occupancy (e.g. lobby, hallway, etc.), a floor plan must be submitted to health and safety for review/approval by windsor fire & rescue services a minimum of 4 weeks prior to the event. reference documents: event guidelines checklist (required for all events) student event/activity approval form (for student events in addition to event guidelines checklist) for more information for questions or additional information regarding this guideline, please contact health and safety at safety@uwindsor.ca or at ext. 4521. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
