https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/480/guidance-covid-19-positive-presumed-positive-or-close-contacts
guidance for covid-19 positive, presumed positive or close contacts | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus guidance for covid-19 positive, presumed positive or close contacts guidance for covid-19 positive, presumed positive or close contacts the university of windsor's isolation requirements align with direction from the province of ontario and windsor-essex county health unit (wechu). covid-19 presents itself through a variety of symptoms typically associated with a cold or flu. please review the following information. employee illness and/or absence must be reported to supervisors regardless of whether you attend campus or not. 1. have you tested positive for covid-19 (pcr or rapid antigen test) or, are currently experiencing any covid-19 symptoms not related to seasonal allergies or other known causes or conditions? review the province of ontario two-tier symptom flowchart for guidance. if yes, do not attend campus. email covid19reporting@uwindsor.ca to receive further instructions. if no, proceed to question #2. 2. have have you been identified as a ?close contact? of a covid-19 positive or presumed positive individual? close contact is defined as: having been less than two metres apart for at least a cumulative duration of 15 minutes in a 24-hour period with a covid-19 positive or presumed positive individual, within 48-hours (2 days) before their symptoms began, or, if no symptoms, the date of their positive test; or: living in the same home. please note: this definition does not apply to individuals who wear prescribed personal protective equipment. if no, complete the self-assessment questionnaire and if you receive a green ?approved? badge you may proceed to campus. if yes, review the province of ontario close contact identification guidelines. if you are not required to isolate, complete the self-assessment questionnaire and if you receive a green ?approved? badge you may proceed to campus. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
