http://www.uwindsor.ca/headstart?elqTrackId=9e2a2632d9b449b08a504cffe44ac487&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=1503
head start | student orientation skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student orientation student orientation in this section home head start welcome week community building program student staff & volunteers parents home head start welcome week community building program student staff & volunteers parents uwindsor home student orientation head start head start thank you to everyone who attended our 2021 head start orientation program this year and congratulations to everyone who won a prize. details about our 2022 head start orientation program will be available soon. make sure to check back later! what is head start? head start summer orientation program is designed for new students who are embarking on their post-secondary experience here at the university of windsor. learn about some of the major differences between high school and university, discover ways to get involved on campus, connect with academic advisors, learn about life as a lancer, and much more all from the comfort of your own home. our head start program includes: faculty presentations; sessions for you and your parents, guardians or supporters to learn about life at uwindsor; opportunities to meet with other incoming students; and a campus resources fair to ensure you haven?t missed anything. why should you attend head start? as a new student, you should attend head start because it can help you answer questions about programs and services on campus and support and prepare you for life at the university of windsor before september arrives. "i'd have to say that head start was the absolute best way to start my university career. all the amazing friends i made and getting to know where my classes are definitely made me feel a whole lot more confident going into the fall semester" - jeff, 2nd year biochemistry learning outcomes students who successfully complete the head start orientation program will know how to: reflect on the importance and significance of independent learning at the university level. develop a sense of school spirit and identity with the campus culture. formulate a financial plan that will address their needs as a post-secondary student. recognize the marketability of their degree within the context of the current job market. recognize the importance of getting involved in the campus community. navigate the main campus and identify the main buildings. demonstrate a positive attitude towards the start of classes in the upcoming semester. ready to start planning your program? get the information you need to know when registering for classes in one convenient location. stay connected for photos, updates about student life on campus, awesome prize giveaways, or for fun things to do, follow us at @uwinstudentexp. any questions pertaining to head start please contact us at eventregistration@uwindsor.ca. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
