https://www.uwindsor.ca/animal-care-committee/304/health-and-safety-animal-based-research
health and safety in animal based research | animal care committee skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students animal care committee animal care committee in this section welcome contact committee members review process policies and guidelines health and safety in animal based research ensuring safe practices avoiding physical injuries animal related injury procedures forms research training educational material welcome contact committee members review process policies and guidelines health and safety in animal based research ensuring safe practices avoiding physical injuries animal related injury procedures forms research training educational material uwindsor home animal care committee health and safety in animal based research health and safety in animal based research working safely with experimental animals encompasses not only the people and the animals, but also the facilities, equipment, and the procedures we use. it also encompasses the community in which we each live. we must each practice safe working habits to ensure that any health risks in our working environments never "leak" into the community because of faulty procedures or carelessness. the principal investigator must assume responsibility for ensuring that personnel working on the project are aware of any risks to health and safety. policies and programs required under the ontario occupational health and safety laws and regulations are implemented by the university of windsor to support a safe working environment in animal holding and research facilities. all persons using the facility should also be familiar with the requirements of relevant federal, provincial and municipal legislation. this would include, for example, the federal health of animals act (38-39 elizabeth ii, chapter 21, pgs. 387-421), which replaced the animal disease and protection act and which governs control of animal diseases and toxic substances. those working with animals should also be cognizant of institutional and/or facility safety program. (see sa03 in standard operating procedures) as of november 30, 2011, all persons working within animal facilities must have successfully completed the animal committee modules 1-10 and one animal specific module as well. the workplace hazardous materials information system (whmis), which resulted from federal and provincial co-operation, was instituted in 1988. the university of windsor?s whmis program can be found at office of health & safety. elsewhere, provincially enacted health and safety legislation specifies the accountability of owners and directors and the rights and responsibilities of employers, supervisors and workers in the workplace. the right to refuse unsafe work is a part of the occupational health and safety (ohs) act. whmis regulations are also a section of this legislation and require that each employer provide safe working conditions and that employees be informed about all hazards they will face in the course of their duties. employees are also given the right to withdraw from the workplace if faced with an unsafe condition. all hazardous substances, including microorganisms, must be labeled in a specified manner, and a material safety data sheet (msds) must be available to accompany each hazardous substance. all personnel working with animals must understand how to handle the species involved, both for their own safety and health, and for that of the animals. contact the animal care committee if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. animal care committee chrysler hall north room 2138 519-253-3000 ext. 3741 acc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save links and education resources canadian council on animal care uwindsor health and safety uwindsor whmis training chemical control centre nserc ontario animals for research act share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
