https://uwsa.ca/uwsa-services/health-and-dental/
health and dental plan - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union home ? services ? health and dental plan we?ve got you covered the uwsa, on behalf of its members, negotiates a health and dental plan for those students who are not already covered. this service is provided for students in order to reduce the costs of a benefit plan for students that are not already covered. the policy coverage ceases august 31st, of each year. students have the opportunity to opt-out of the plan if they can show proof of alternate coverage. *please note that ohip equivalent and odsp/ trillium benefits are not comparable plans and will not be accepted for opt-out. for full plan information or to make a claim, visit this page here. overview: the uwsa health and dental plan covers all full-time undergraduate students taking 4 or more credits students with coverage through a family member or employer may opt-out with proof of comparable coverage the uwsa plan policy year is from september 1st to august 31st the uwsa plan coverage includes prescription drugs, vision, dental, travel, practitioners (massage, chiropractor, physiotherapy, psychology/msw, etc.), accident, and more. opt-out information: before you opt out, understand that: you cannot opt back in under any circumstances until the next school year you cannot use uhip or odsp/trillium benefits as proof of comparable coverage early opt-out ? not applicable this year fall/regular opt-out ? august 3rd ? september 30th, 2021 ? view page. if you apply to opt out during this time, students are refunded via direct deposit into your bank account or cheque. winter opt-out ? january 1 ? january 30th, 2022 ? view page. if you apply to opt out during this time, students will be refunded via direct deposit or e-transfer into your bank account. please note that this opt-out is for students starting classes in winter semester. please note that if you missed the fall opt out you are not able to complete this opt out. information needed to opt-out: full name student id number name of insurance company currently covered under / first nations name name of employer the plan is provided by / first nations name group or insurance policy number / status registry number direct deposit information (traditional opt-out only) / status registry number proof of insurance card or letter from the insurance company. opt-in information students may opt-in their spouse and/or dependent children so they have coverage on the uwsa health and/or dental plan for an additional fee. opt-in requests must be done during the designated opt-in period on the student care website or the uwsa office. the deadline to opt-in dependents is september 30th, 2021. eligible dependents include spouse (common law or by marriage), and children (under 21 or under 25 if enrolled full time at an accredited school). information needed to opt-in: credit card information (if done online) number of dependents dependent?s full name dependent?s birthday contact info studentcare 1-855-535-3289 please refer to your group number and student id number when calling. uwsa office 519-253-3000 ext. 3600 uwsa@uwindsor.ca opt-out info fall/regular opt-out period: august 3rd ? september 30th, 2021 winter opt-out period: january 1st, 2022 ? january 30th, 2022 go to www.studentcare.ca/uwsa to during the opt out period. be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
