https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/815/home-office-expenses
home office expenses 2021 | finance department skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students finance department finance department in this section for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms uwindsor home finance department home office expenses 2021 home office expenses 2021 home office expenses: cra announcement the cra announced on january 18, 2022 that two methods are still available to individuals claiming home-based work expenses relating to the 2021 tax year. both methods will be available to uwindsor employees required to work from home. these two methods are: temporary simplified method under this method, employees who worked at home due to covid-19 more than 50% of the time for at least four consecutive weeks during the pandemic can claim an amount of $2 per working day, up to a maximum deduction of $500. it is the employee?s responsibility to ensure that they are eligible for this deduction. the temporary simplified method does not require a t2200s form or for you to maintain receipts to validate your claim. detailed claim method depending on your personal circumstances, you may determine that you are eligible for deductions greater than what the temporary simplified method offers. there are specific criteria you must meet, information you must provide and supporting documents you will be required to maintain for all the eligible expenses you claim. expenses for which you were reimbursed by uwindsor are not eligible. the detailed claim method requires a t2200s form to validate the conditions of your employment. note that uwindsor does not provide employees with personal tax advice; we encourage you to review the cra?s website to determine which option is best for you. uwindsor will be issuing t2200s to all employees required to work from home. signed t2200s forms will be available to university employees who were required to work from home during 2021. employees whose job responsibilities did not require them to work form home will not receive a t2200s. we anticipate t2200s forms will be completed by february 28, 2022 and will be made available to employees who were required to work from home in your myuwinfo portal. this will coincide with the timing that your t4 slip is available. home office expenses and uwindsor: faq?s i am going to choose the first option (simplified method); how can i be sure i am eligible? the cra has provided an eligibility checklist on its website. we encourage employees to use this tool before filing their tax return. which method should i choose when i file my taxes? that is a personal decision that is entirely up to you. we encourage all employees who are looking to claim home office expenses to work with an income tax professional to answer questions regarding your ability to claim home office expenses. you may also use the tools available on the cra website to evaluate the two options. if i?m choosing the second option (detailed claim method) what kinds of expenses are eligible? the cra has provided a website that explains which types of costs are eligible, assuming you have retained your original receipt. the university reimbursed me for certain expenses incurred during the year. can i claim for those expenses as part of the detailed claim method? no, expenses that were reimbursed are not eligible. please note that if the university reimbursed you for non-consumables (such as equipment), those assets are the property of the university and must be returned to campus when the work from home requirements have ended. i noticed when reviewing my t2200s that question 2: did you or will you reimburse this employee for any of their home office expenses?, the university answered yes. can you explain? this question is asking the university to confirm its policy about home office expenses. the inclusion of the caveat ?did you or will you? is critical to how the university has to answer this question. because it is the university?s policy that we will reimburse employees for certain home office-related expenditures incurred (for example, if a faculty member required a webcam to be able to teach from home), we are required to answer the question as ?yes? for all of our employees. this was reviewed in detail with our external tax advisors. this will not impact an employee?s tax return if you were not reimbursed for such costs. which employees of the university will not receive a t2200s? employees who were required to work from home will receive a t2200s. if your job duties and responsibilities required you to be primarily on campus during 2021, the university is not permitted to issue you a t2200s. i have left the university and do not have access to myuwinfo. can i still get a t2200s? we will issue a t2200s to former employees upon request only; they will not be mailed to your residence with your t4. please contact payroll@uwindsor.ca only if you no longer work at the university of windsor and wish to receive a t2200s. i still have questions. who can i contact? questions can be directed at payroll@uwindsor.ca or at your human resources representative. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
