https://uwindsorgss.ca
home - uwindsor gss sign in your account to have access to different features username password remember me forgot your password? forgot your details? username or email aah, wait, i remember now! mon-thu: 8:00-3:00 // fri: 8:00-1:00 home vote calendar login about us mandate and history governance council / board of directors board committees executive office staff directory what?s happening latest news gss calendar important dates executive elections council elections media gallery instagram feed reporting and performance programs academic initiative program comprehensive student benefits program gss clubs program new student orientation program social events and networking program student advocacy and representation program student financial aid program student professional development program services supplemental benefits plan u-pass public transit bus access student advocacy isic cards wham burg restaurant events events calendar annual gala annual general meeting cricket tournament volleyball tournament trip to grand bend beach trip to wonderland resources contact us +1 (519) 253-3000 #3915 welcome to gss! i am looking for... programs learn more about programs offered by gss to its members and the community, inclusive of the services and events within each services detailed information on services offered by gss, related member entitlements, and how members may access or request services events comprehensive information on gss events, including the time, place, invitees, media gallery, surveys and more advocacy learn about advocacy services for students challenged by the university for social, legal or academic issues latest news and events view all - 07 january 2022 by nupur, in news,services,uncategorized gss drug and dental opt-out portal now open the gss supplemental benefits plan (also known as the gss drug and dental plan) ... read more + 07 january 2022 by nupur, in news,services u-pass update for winter 2022 the universal bus pass, also known as u-pass for uwindsor students is suspended ... read more + 08 october 2021 by rofy francis, in events,external promotion,news recruiting volunteers for fall open house 2021 hello lancers! are you ready to showcase what makes you #uwindsorproud? join the... read more + i'm looking for... programs services events news calendar reports elections bizdir advocacy expand complete website menu about us what?s happening programs services events resources contact us who does gss represent? the graduate student society (gss) is the official representative organization of all graduate students at the university of windsor, including part-time and full-time students. what does gss offer? elected representatives of the gss actively represent and advocate for graduate students? interests at different levels of the university institution and committees. moreover, gss offers programs, services, events and access to important resources to enhance the student experience. who manages gss? the members of gss are the ultimate authority, through electing representatives to sit on the board of directors (council), one seat per faculty department. the board appoints an executive office, sometimes by deferring appointment to election by the members. who does gss represent? the graduate student society (gss) is the official representative organization of all graduate students at the university of windsor, including part-time and full-time students. what does gss offer? elected representatives of the gss actively represent and advocate for graduate students? interests at different levels of the university institution and committees. moreover, gss offers programs, services, events and access to important resources to enhance the student experience. who manages gss? the members of gss are the ultimate authority, through electing representatives to sit on the board of directors (council), one seat per faculty department. the board appoints an executive office, sometimes by deferring appointment to election by the members. location university of windsor gss 401 sunset avenue windsor, on n9b 3p4 our hours mon-thu: 08:00-15:00 fri: 08:00-13:00 sat-sun: closed contact us +1 (519) 253-3000 #3915 info@uwindsorgss.ca follow us facebook instagram twitter latest news gss drug and dental opt-out portal now open the gss supplemental benefits plan (also known ... u-pass update for winter 2022 the universal bus pass, also known as u-pass fo... newsletter signup subscribe to receive updates on gss news and events. get in touch info@uwindsorgss.ca (519) 253-3000 #3915 university of windsor gss 401 sunset avenue windsor, on n9b 3p4 get social ? 2021 university of windsor graduate student society website design and maintenance by normand consulting group top
