https://www.wes.org/?elqTrackId=3d57730980554aaa9c761e6d8f220dc0&elqaid=697&elqat=2
home - world education services home - world education services united states canada english about wes about wes home history leadership careers press search sign in get an evaluation sign in credential evaluations credential evaluations home international students, immigrants & job seekers evaluations & fees required documents wes advisor blog degree equivalency wes igpa calculator? for refugees & displaced persons wes gateway program institutional professionals higher education licensing bodies employers tools for partners partners & programs partners & programs home wes global talent bridge? imprint coalition skilled immigrant integration program wes gateway program wes global talent bridge? blog global higher education institutions training & events philanthropy philanthropy wes mariam assefa fund about the fund approach partner with the fund insights blog publications publications home world education news & reviews research reports wes global talent bridge blog insights (blog) help help home contact us search main menu credential evaluations credential evaluations home international students, immigrants & job seekers evaluations & fees required documents wes advisor blog degree equivalency wes igpa calculator? for refugees & displaced persons wes gateway program institutional professionals higher education licensing bodies employers tools for partners partners & programs partners & programs home wes global talent bridge? imprint coalition skilled immigrant integration program wes gateway program wes global talent bridge? blog global higher education institutions training & events philanthropy philanthropy wes mariam assefa fund about the fund approach partner with the fund insights blog publications publications home world education news & reviews research reports wes global talent bridge blog insights (blog) help help home contact us main menu united states canada english about wes about wes home history leadership careers press sign in get an evaluation sign in wes continues to receive academic documents from institutions around the globe, including 7,500 that now send us secure digital files. for updates, visit our notifications page. welcome need an evaluation? world education services (wes) is north america?s trusted leader in credential evaluation services. learn about the different types of reports we offer, the documents we require, and how to get started. learn more track your status important information for applicants follow your progress through our credential evaluation process, access your account, upload new documents, and get help if you need it. learn more sustainability & scale our social enterprise model wes? mission-driven initiatives identify where progress is needed most, while our self-funding revenue model allows us to reinvest in programs, policies, and philanthropic ventures that reflect our values. learn more global impact our work with higher education institutions as the industry leader in credential evaluations, wes works directly with more than 48,000 global higher education institutions in more than 200 countries, enabling life-changing outcomes for their students and alumni. learn more thought leadership blogs, white papers & research wes publishes original data-driven research, case studies, surveys, policy papers, and articles that reflect wes? expertise and mission; wes? publications focus on international education, global mobility, economic opportunity, the future of work, and more. learn more compare my degree calculate my gpa get your credential evaluation in three simple steps! 1 submit your application and receive your wes reference number. 2 read our document requirements and send in your documents. 3 we verify your credentials, create your report, and deliver it to your recipients. learn more get started the wes mariam assefa fund the wes mariam assefa fund is the only philanthropic initiative focused exclusively on economic inclusion and mobility for immigrants and refugees in north america. the fund fosters collaboration, experimentation, and innovation, awarding grants for projects that empower immigrant leaders, improve employer practices, enhance worker skills, and build more inclusive economies. learn more wes global talent bridge wes global talent bridge highlights the issue of immigrant and refugee community integration. wes global talent bridge works with policy makers, training providers, social and professional networks, and employers to identify and remove individual and structural barriers that inhibit successful integration. learn more about wes world education services (wes) is a globally-recognized social enterprise dedicated to helping internationally-educated people find meaningful roles in u.s. and canadian communities and academic institutions through rigorous credential evaluations, immigrant integration and refugee advocacy, and mission-driven philanthropy. learn more our work in global mobility from credential evaluations and immigrant integration programs, to the wes gateway program for refugees who need to recreate missing credentials, wes is committed to helping people move around the world and ahead in their lives, and to helping communities discover and benefit from the skills of their immigrant members. learn more digital innovation wes? credential evaluation process is fully digitized; we accept and evaluate direct server-to-server files from partner institutions, dramatically improving turn-around times, streamlining tasks for institutions, and creating permanent digital credential portfolios for applicants. learn more use our tools required documents preview a list of the documents wes requires from you and your institution to start your credential evaluation. degree equivalency see how your credentials compare to u.s. standards. wes igpa calculator? see how your grades compare on a 4.0 grading scale. wes igpa calculator for institutions the wes igpa calculator provides partners with instant grade conversion and gpa calculation, helping to determine if international students meet admission requirements. country resources explore our free international education resources for higher education professionals. accesswes? accesswes is the secure online delivery system we use to deliver wes evaluation reports to accredited academic institutions and other recognized organizations. why choose wes? fast service we can complete your evaluation in seven business days after we receive and approve all your documents. trusted evaluations we have provided more than 3 million evaluations to international students and professionals. unmatched resources we have a diverse staff and a custom-built database that contains over 46 years of research. success stories kunle ifesanya architect and urban development specialist kunle ifesanya discusses how wes credential evaluations, tools, and resources helped him achieve his professional goals in the u.s. ?the wes evaluation is like saying, ?okay, she has the equivalent grade point in the u.s., although she received her grades in a different country.? wes gave me confidence and assured me that my education was worth something.? joy okirie wes applicant ?when the opportunity to participate in the skilled immigrant integration program (siip) came, we immediately decided to apply. siip really catalyzed everything we were trying to accomplish.? anson green state director, texas adult education and literacy read more testimonials about wes history press leadership careers follow us credential evaluations evaluations & fees required documents degree equivalency wes igpa calculator? apply now my account/login for academic institutions working with wes accesswes help help home contact us stay informed get timely updates from wes, and discover other tools and publications. get our newsletter get the app ? 2022 world education services. all rights reserved. terms and conditions privacy policy cookie policy accessibility policies sitemap
