https://uwsa.ca
home - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union meet the candidates 2022 click here universal bus pass suspended for fall 2021 semester bus passes available learn more health and dental fall opt-out starting aug 3rd to sept 30th learn more previous next your student union the university of windsor students? alliance (uwsa) is a legally-incorporated, non-profit, student-run organization. we are your undergraduate student government that represents the student voice, advocates students? interests to the university and all levels of government, and provides services that enhance your student experience. we provide all-things student life, from clubs and societies, campus services, social justice campaigns, and student jobs. every uwindsor full-time undergraduate student is a member of the uwsa, and we encourage you to take advantage of your membership. news & updates health & dental your money student groups hub in the right place and time march 3, 2022 no comments after hearing an infant?s first cry, a pair of white wings from the bed of clouds would fall from the skies.everyone had a guardian angel. their kind stood bright, cherubic, and rosy-cheeked. their strong wings stretched for miles and shielded their wards from harm, with the promise of protection said on musical tongues that any child would believe. the only exception was that their assigned guardian angel would be the only one they could see. read more ? poems december 9, 2021 no comments way back i can?t answer these scars, speaking out loud and messing my mind? read more ? uwsa postpones lancerpalooza evening events august 30, 2021 no comments hey lancers, we?ve seen the incredible demand for the uwsa welcome week ?lancerpalooza? evening events and we know students are eager to get out?some you for the first time in read more ? uwsa recognizes the ongoing genocide of palestinians and calls for justice may 21, 2021 no comments uwsa recognizes the ongoing genocide of palestinians and calls for justice the university of windsor students? alliance (uwsa) stands with all students in the windsor community affected by the violence read more ? sure things aug 30 2021 move in day ? lancerpalooza 00:00 - 23:59 we?ll be meeting with incoming lancers at alumni hall and? jun 25 2021 pride movie night 19:30 - 22:00 celebrate pride with us! we?re hosting pride movie night! we?re? apr 22 2021 uwsa awards livestream 13:00 - 14:00 the uwsa awards ceremony will recognize individuals from across the? apr 01 2021 2021 uwsa annual general meeting 17:00 - 21:00 the uwsa annual general meeting is the meeting of the? see all events! our partners the uwsa works with a number of partners to bring the best services and experiences to students. be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
