https://www.ombudsman.on.ca/home
home - ontario ombudsman
 due to covid-19 safety measures, our office cannot accept visitors. please contact us online or call 1-800-263-1830. link to home page skip to main content careers training contact us newsletter sitemap fran?ais ombudsman facebook - opens in new window ombudsman twitter - opens in new window ombudsman youtube - opens in new window ombudsman flickr - opens in new window ombudsman linkedin - opens in new window children and youth unit instagram - opens in new window home have a complaint? what we do resources search search navigation menu fran?ais home have a complaint? what we do resources careers training contact us newsletter sitemap search ombudsman facebook - opens in new window ombudsman twitter - opens in new window ombudsman youtube - opens in new window ombudsman flickr - opens in new window ombudsman linkedin - opens in new window children and youth unit instagram - opens in new window the ontario ombudsman promotes fairness, accountability and transparency in the public sector by investigating public complaints and systemic issues within his jurisdiction. learn more about the ontario ombudsman have a complaint? go to have a complaint page start the process here what we do go to what we do page about the ombudsman, the office and its history resources go to resources page investigations, publications, and more the french language services commissioner releases her first investigation report, on march 31, 2022 french language services commissioner kelly burke releases her investigation report into laurentien university's cuts to french-language programming. read the report, "strengthening the designation: a collaborative effort" cases by subject new children & youth new french language services certificates & permits education employment environment & energy health law & order money & property municipalities social services transportation recent news march 31, 2022 31 march, 2022 laurentian university and province failed to protect french programs from cuts during restructuring, commissioner reports kelly burke: university and two ministries must do more to ensure the french language services act is respected read more ? december 7, 2021 7 december, 2021 french language services commissioner recommends assessment tool to aid government in protecting ontario?s ?linguistic health? equivalent service in french and a positive experience for francophones often lacking in 2020-2021, kelly burke reports read more ? september 29, 2021 29 september, 2021 ombudsman?s message for truth and reconciliation day, september 30, 2021 today is the first national day for truth and reconciliation. it is a day to remember and commemorate the thousands of indigenous children who... read more ? september 25, 2021 25 september, 2021 statement from the commissioner on franco-ontarian day 2021 since the beginning of the pandemic in march 2020, we have all been called upon to play an important role in protecting our individual and... read more ? june 28, 2021 28 june, 2021 ombudsman?s annual report stresses ?essential? oversight of public sector in pandemic, highlights improvements and gaps in handling 20,015 cases, watchdog ?ensured transparency, accountability, fairness and respect for people?s rights? read more ? june 16, 2021 16 june, 2021 french language services commissioner to investigate cuts at laurentian university first formal investigation by the office of the ombudsman under the french language services act read more ? view more news scroll up to top ombudsman ontario all contents ? 2022, ombudsman ontario. all rights reserved. home contact us training sign up for our newsletter follow us ombudsman facebook - opens in new window ombudsman twitter - opens in new window ombudsman youtube - opens in new window ombudsman flickr - opens in new window ombudsman linkedin - opens in new window have a complaint who we oversee common referrals make a complaint what we do how we work the ombudsman and team topics values, mission, vision the ombudsman act frequently asked questions (faq) careers resources news ongoing investigations reports and case summaries speeches and articles brochures and posters video resources resource links municipal digest
