https://windsorstar.com/
home | windsor star skip to content exclusive check out windsor star's first-time homebuyers' guide. check out windsor star's first-time homebuyers' guide. read here> manage print subscription/tax receipt sections search search windsorstar.com perform search windsor star subscribe search windsorstar.com perform search news local news covid-19 national covid-19 postpandemic world weather podcasts archives sports sports betting local sports hockey nhl windsor spitfires football nfl ncaa football cfl baseball detroit tigers basketball nba ncaa windsor express golf soccer international soccer mls curling tennis auto racing fighting opinion editorials columnists letters arts celebrity local arts movies movie listings television tv listings music books business automotive technology gaming internet personal tech science space tech-biz local business open during covid featured businesses real estate first-time homebuyers energy fp markets fp headlines fp money small business moneywise canada borrowing money future money growing money the logic life milestones shopping essentials home living style & beauty kitchen & dining personal care entertainment & hobbies gift guide fashion & beauty parenting relationships homes condos decorating gardening renovating vacation homes food local food reviews recipes from the vault health healthing diet & fitness family & child men women seniors sexual health royals travel puzzles new york times crossword comics advice horoscopes contests national contests remembering browse notices place an obituary place an in memoriam classifieds place an ad business card directory celebrations working real estate showcase real estate e-edition shopping this week's flyers auction driving all driving news reviews car comparison buyer?s guide healthing the growthop newsletters epaper subscribe manage print subscription my account our offers faq news sports opinion arts business life remembering driving healthing the growthop newsletters epaper home | windsor star advertisement 1 this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. news ontario to offer fourth covid-19 vaccine dose to those 60 and older as hospital cases spike, the province said it also plans to make it easier to access an antiviral covid-19 drug news national law to help news industry, combat fake news introduced in house of commons with video 11 comments national local news ontario reports 1,091 people in hospital with covid with video local news local news windsor police reassigning officers to stop gun violence coming from other cities local news local news ford says ontario is experiencing a 'little spike' of covid-19 but it's manageable with video local news latest videos up next view more videos > advertisement 2 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. news featured local news world ontario to offer fourth covid-19 vaccine dose to those 60 and older quebec and british columbia also said they wil be expanding access to fourth doses 12 minutes ago canada liberal bill requires digital giants to negotiate fair rate with canadian news publishers crtc will have the power to levy fees of up to $15 million a day on digital platforms like google and facebook that don?t comply 54 minutes ago canadian politics advertisement 1 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. the detroit tigers opening day party is back set your alarm ? the biggest party in major league baseball is back and no one is wasting a moment. with video 1 hour ago local news ontario to raise minimum wage to $15.50 in october the liberals are promising a wage increase to $16 per hour by jan. 1, 2023 if they are elected. with video 3 hours ago local news survey finds 85% of ontario drivers admit to distracted driving eighty-five per cent of ontario drivers have admitted to distracted driving, according to a report by auto insurance agency ratesdotca. with video 2 hours ago local news more news stories > trending new covid-19 vaccine policy for federal workers expected wednesday neighbours oppose six-storey condo on 'small swamp' in east end committee approves two nine-storey residential towers from farhi holdings $250m lauzon road development plan ontario to offer fourth covid-19 vaccine dose to those 60 and older family of woman with rare liver disease hunts for donor epaper edition view the latest edition shopping essentials scroll left scroll right advertisement 3 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. local spotlight find the best places within windsor. from local businesses to food to medical to legal services. sports featured local sports hockey wide receiver john metchie iii looking for jon cornish trophy repeat the reigning jon cornish trophy winner is again among five finalists for the prestigious award, which is presented to the outstanding canadian player in national collegiate athletic association football. 4 hours ago football tiger woods: 'i feel like i'm going to play' in masters when asked if he felt like he could win, woods was succinct. "i do." 3 hours ago golf advertisement 2 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. tom brady ready for new nfl challenge tom brady is ready for his ?greatest challenge yet? in the nfl. 7 hours ago football mlb star albert pujols ditches wife days after she had brain surgery ?i realize this is not the most opportune time with opening day approaching and other family events that have recently taken place." 8 hours ago baseball spring training roundup: aaron judge leads yankees past phillies aaron judge hit a tiebreaking three-run home run in the bottom of the seventh inning to help the new york yankees post a 5-2 victory over the visiting philadelphia phillies at tampa, fla. 16 hours ago baseball more sports stories > around the network windsor star headline news sign up to receive daily headline news from the windsor star, a division of postmedia network inc. email address there was an error, please provide a valid email address. sign up by clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from postmedia network inc. you may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. postmedia network inc. | 365 bloor street east, toronto, ontario, m4w 3l4 | 416-383-2300 thanks for signing up! a welcome email is on its way. if you don't see it, please check your junk folder. the next issue of windsor star headline news will soon be in your inbox. we encountered an issue signing you up. please try again moneywise canada scroll left scroll right advertisement 4 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. opinion featured letters columnists lilley: trudeau's budget won't balance itself this week the question about thursday?s budget isn?t will there be a deficit but how big will it be? park the jokes about the budget balancing itself, we know that doesn?t work and hopefully justin trudeau does as well. with video brian lilley 22 hours ago columnists lilley: it's not complicated, ford should move quicker on gas tax cut doug ford?s promise to cut the gas tax in ontario, but not until july 1, has me hearing that great canadian philosopher avril lavigne over and over again. ?why?d you have to go and make things so complicated?? she sang in her 2002 hit song. with video brian lilley 19 hours ago columnists advertisement 3 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. reader letter: student helps makes difference for hiatus house i am a 15-year old student. for six weeks from jan. 22 to feb. 26, i conducted a fundraiser for hiatus house in windsor. reader letters 11 hours ago letters lilley: province provides relief at pumps, but we have to wait the ford government is getting ready to give drivers a break at the pumps, just not yet. with video brian lilley 2 days ago opinion furey: the trudeau liberals remain obsessed with censoring internet one year ago there was a lot of noise about the federal liberal government looking for ways to regulate internet content and effectively give themselves the power to censor people?s social media posts. with video anthony furey 2 days ago columnists more opinion stories > weather (windsor) view complete forecast advertisement 5 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. entertainment featured celebrity local arts the weeknd considering name change the weeknd is thinking of changing his name. 8 hours ago celebrity 'fantastic beasts: the secrets of dumbledore' review: j.k. rowling's emotional middle chapter will please devotees los angeles (variety.com) ? remember way back in the year 2000, before even the first harry potter movie had been released? big as a cinderblock and nearly as heavy, the fourth novel in j.k. rowling?s bestselling ya series inspired fans to line up at bookstores around the country days in advance. at 734 pages, harry potter and the goblet of fire was a monster ? the biggest book many young fans had ever contemplated reading. getting through it took effort, albeit the kind that brought deep and immediate rewards to those bewitched by the parallel reality rowling had invented, one where wizards existed alongside the rest of us unfortunate, non-magic folk. 2 hours ago movies advertisement 4 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. madonna's tiktok video worries fans: 'this scared me' fans of madonna were left shocked by a recent tiktok video in which the pop star appears in a sheer top and pouts at the camera. with video 6 hours ago celebrity another woman accuses hugh hefner of rape on tv show the late hugh hefner has been accused of rape by another aspiring playmate. 7 hours ago celebrity ex-royal chef dishes on why princess diana was not romantically interested in tom cruise princess diana wouldn?t date tom cruise because he was ?too short.? 7 hours ago celebrity more entertainment stories > contests more contests > special features advertisement 6 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. business featured local business energy twitter to name top shareholder elon musk to board tesla inc boss elon musk vowed ?significant? improvements at twitter inc on tuesday, after the micro-blogging site announced plans to name him to the board. with video 6 hours ago business canada to invest c$2 bln on mineral strategy for ev battery supply chain canada's critical mineral strategy will focus on driving research, innovation and exploration: source with video 1 day ago automotive advertisement 5 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. tesla's musk may add to sec ire with late report about twitter stake san francisco/new york ? did elon musk break securities laws again? 11 hours ago business wire gm and honda expand electric vehicle partnership detroit ? general motors and honda motor co on tuesday said they will co-develop a series of electric vehicles based on a new global architecture, allowing production of millions of vehicles starting in 2027. 9 hours ago automotive provinces launch 'full-scale attack' on home prices ? but it likely won't be enough to slay housing dragon real estate industry experts say the focus should be on creating more supply with video 1 day ago business more business stories > advertisement 7 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. life featured from the vault food cook this: beef baguette ? 'an african street food invention' ? from saka saka for chef anto cocagne, beef baguette is a taste of childhood 6 hours ago eating & drinking spring into action last week i discussed some of the essential spring tips you can do inside your home during these transitional weeks as we approach more springlike temperatures. this week, i will concentrate on all the outside jobs you can do for your home. 9 hours ago homes advertisement 6 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. daily horoscope for tuesday, april 5 there are no restrictions to shopping or important decisions today. the moon is in gemini 9 hours ago horoscopes why even self-pollinating coffee needs the birds and the bees for better beans that same yellow-breasted canada warbler you see perched on a tree branch this spring could spend its winters in costa rica, eating coffee borer beetles on a farm with video 1 day ago eating & drinking senior living: habits can be the enemy changing up your routines can help keep you sharp as you age 1 day ago life more life stories > advertisement 8 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. driving alfa romeo's next-gen giulia will be fully electric some may be happy the marque's not dropping the sedan altogether, but i'd only buy one if alfa renames it "giuleva" with video 34 minutes ago new vehicles spied! mercedes-amg gt seen testing on-track, in snow stuttgart is deep into the development of a pair of two-door hot rods, if these photos from germany are any hint with video 1 hour ago new vehicles advertisement 7 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. cadillac offers its own ev incentives as lyriq hits canada free "tank" top-up at dealers, rebates on home chargers just a few draws used ahead of the suv's may launch with video 3 hours ago new vehicles ferrari owner crashes 3 km after taking delivery the real april fool in derbyshire, u.k. last week was the driver who got in a one-car collision with his ferrari 488 with video 5 hours ago crash, bang, wow b.c. saves shuttle services in the northern part of the province without the funding from the province, many organizations would end up winding their shuttle service. with video 6 hours ago vancouver more driving stories > advertisement 9 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. healthing it's time to recognize that caregivers are critical to the success of canada's health-care system it's national caregiver day, and we want to hear from you. what's it going to take to recognize that caregivers are so much more than just visitors? 2 hours ago health watch: experts don't agree with the #mouthtaping trend for better teeth taping your mouth shut can have dangerous outcomes ? especially if you don't know the reason behind why you breathe through your mouth. 5 hours ago health advertisement 8 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. new study rules out ivermectin as a covid treatment "the administration of ivermectin did not result in a lower incidence of admission to a hospital for covid-19," according to a recent study. 5 hours ago health just in time: no one likes a colonoscopy, but the alternative is worse after months of being told by her doctor not to worry about her symptoms, artist jennifer cuthbert got the call she was dreading. 5 hours ago health why 5 canadians will spend 100 hours living on top of flagpoles the event, hosted by jdrf canada, kick-starts a $100 million fundraising campaign for research into finding a cure for type 1 diabetes. 8 hours ago health more healthing stories > advertisement 10 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. the growthop accused weed trafficker agrees to fork over half a million dollars 42-year-old felon from new york faces as long as two decades in prison after pleading guilty to firearm and cannabis offences. with video 5 hours ago news yam scam goes wrong as three men trying to hide cannabis in deliveries of sweet potatoes are arrested gang members rooted out in failed sweet potato coverup. with video 1 day ago news advertisement 9 stories continue below this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. court rules mother should not be on child neglect registry for consuming medical cannabis baby tested positive for marijuana in his system with video 6 hours ago news ontario cannabis fellowship encourages people affected by prohibition to apply "we have a responsibility to those who have been disproportionately impacted and commit to doing our part" with video 1 day ago news the champagne of cannabis? u.s. company claims to have come up with a new, fizzy approach to weed "the carbonation preserves the product and allows it the opportunity to 'vintage' similar to wine, improving with age" with video 4 hours ago business more the growthop stories > advertisement 11 advertisement this advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. this week in flyers categories news sports opinion arts business life remembering e-paper subscribe follow the windsor star secondary links advertise with us digital ad registry site map contact privacy - updated terms of use copyright my account 365 bloor street east, toronto, ontario, m4w 3l4 ? 2022 windsor star, a division of postmedia network inc. all rights reserved. unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. notice for the postmedia network this website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. read more about cookies here. by continuing to use our site, you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy. ok
