https://future.uwindsor.ca/apply-english-pathway-program?elqTrackId=7b6f89b854d94f7f8ad9159c57dc0f7e&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
how to apply to our english pathway program @ uwindsor - uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students uwindsor how to apply to our english pathway program apply now how to apply step 1 apply to elip you can apply to the english language pathway program through the link below. apply now step 2 elip or elip 3 fast track select elip or elip 3 fast track (elip 3 fast track eligibility based on valid standardized test score: i.e., ielts overall 6.0 + writing band of 6.0; or toefl minimum score 75 + writing score of 18 or greater. please contact applyesl@uwindsor.ca if you are not sure about your eligibility). step 3 add to cart select term and then add to cart step 4 checkout proceed to checkout. you will receive an email with account activation and profile completion instructions shortly after. apply to uwindsor if you don?t match the criteria for this application you might find one of these other applications useful. apply to an undergraduate program i'm a high school student in ontario i?m a high school student in canada, outside of ontario i?m a high school student from the united states i?m a homeschooled student i?m a high school student from outside of canada or the us (international) i'm a transfer student (college, university, ib or ap) i'm a mature student i'm interested in studying part-time i?m a visiting student from another university i?m a year iii second entry program student apply to a graduate program apply to an education program apply to a law program apply to continuing education apply to our english pathway program questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor for help virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter student support services: we offer many student support services that are important to your success. ask.uwindsor live chat: ask current students questions or search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions. close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
