https://future.uwindsor.ca/apply-undergraduate-mature-student?elqTrackId=7000fe5241954182b8805811a726d187&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=1503
<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> how to apply to an undergraduate program if you're a mature student @ uwindsor - uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students uwindsor how to apply to an undergraduate program if you're a mature student apply now mature student applications applicants who do not meet the minimum academic requirements for admission to an undergraduate program at the university of windsor may be eligible for consideration as mature students if they: possess an ontario secondary school diploma (oss diploma) or equivalent and do not meet current minimum academic admission requirements. (applicants who have not completed an oss diploma or equivalent must submit a profile.); and are canadian citizens or permanent residents at the time of application; and will be at least 20 years of age prior to proposed date of enrolment; and have not been in full-time attendance at a secondary school within the previous two years. may have attended an ontario college of applied arts and technology (caat) for one or more semesters with a cumulative average between a c- (60%) and a c+ (69%). applicants to the odette school of business require a minimum cumulative average of 67%. submit a letter of application (details below) mature student applicants must satisfy all program specific admission requirements. program specific admission requirements are listed in the policy on admission requirements (undergraduate). mature student applications are accepted throughout the year with admission to the nearest appropriate term based on program. how to apply step 1 apply through ouac mature students may apply for either full-time or part-time undergraduate studies at the university of windsor. if applying for part-time studies, please review the part-time student application information prior to completing the application. apply full-time apply part-time step 2 after you apply after submitting your application form, you can expect to receive an application acknowledgement email within five business days. this email will include instructions for: activating your uwin account signing into uwinsite student, uwindsor?s student information platform. once you have accessed uwinsite student, you will need to respond to the items in your to do list, including uploading the following documents: transcripts of all high school and post-secondary experiences a letter of application outlining your career ambitions, potential for success, work experience since high school and how these contributed to your potential for success, personal and professional development and training, and any other pertinent information, along with supporting documentation (where possible). proof of age proof of citizenship or permanent residence status for any applicant presenting documents issued under a prior name, an official certificate confirming a name change is also required. after your documents have been received, they will be verified by uwindsor?s office of the registrar and the items on your to do list in uwinsite student marked as ?completed.? it is only at this point ? when all your documentation has been submitted and is in order ? that evaluation of your application will begin. evaluation, if there are no unique circumstances which require further analysis, may take up to four weeks. you can monitor the status of your application in uwinsite student. you will also be notified by email when a decision has been made. step 3 next steps once you receive your offer of admission letter, you?ll want to follow the steps outlined on our next steps page including: how to review and accept your offer of admission how to set up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options how to extend your uwin account how to plan and register for courses and more... visit the next steps page apply to uwindsor if you don?t match the criteria for this application you might find one of these other applications useful. apply to an undergraduate program i'm a high school student in ontario i?m a high school student in canada, outside of ontario i?m a high school student from the united states i?m a homeschooled student i?m a high school student from outside of canada or the us (international) i'm a transfer student (college, university, ib or ap) i'm a mature student i'm interested in studying part-time i?m a visiting student from another university i?m a year iii second entry program student apply to a graduate program apply to an education program apply to a law program apply to continuing education apply to our english pathway program virtual events & webinars coming to a device near you! connect virtually: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event. get your questions answered in the way that suites you best. guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student upcoming events & webinars questions? need help? there's multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
