https://future.uwindsor.ca/apply-undergraduate-transfer-student?elqTrackId=78693c8e50b9487db0bc0c181622f6f4&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=1503
<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> how to apply to an undergraduate program if you're a transfer student from another institution @ uwindsor - uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students uwindsor how to apply to an undergraduate program if you're a transfer student from another institution apply now transfer student applicants a transfer student is any student who has previously attended a post-secondary institution within or outside of canada. admission requirements & eligibility i am transferring from... an ontario college of applied arts and technology (caat) diploma program a quebec coll?ge d'enseignement general et professionnel (c?gep) institution a canadian college (outside of ontario and quebec) a united states university or college an international institution (outside the united states) a canadian university degree program admission requirements for applicants at an ontario college of applied arts and technology (caat) diploma program applicants must have completed a minimum of one year of an ontario caat 2-year or 3-year diploma that is academic in nature with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission. specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or through equivalent courses in the applicant?s post-secondary studies. see specific program page for prerequisite information. transfer applicants to competitive programs such as nursing and social work will have additional supplemental application requirements. these programs are only available for fall entry and have specific application deadlines. a applicant from an undergraduate degree program at a college of applied arts and technology will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?. canadian citizen and permanent resident transfer applicants who do not meet the stated admission requirements may be admissible as a mature student applicant learn more about provincial and other educational system high school pre-requite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at a quebec coll?ge d'enseignement general et professionnel (c?gep) institution a transfer applicant from a c?gep institution will have in excess of 12 academic semester subjects, including two 603 or 604 series english courses will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?. specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or through equivalent courses in the applicant?s post-secondary studies. see specific program page for prerequisite information. transfer credit assessment will be completed for courses in excess of the 12 academic required courses for courses with a 60% grade or better, up to a maximum 10 transfer credits. learn more about provincial and other educational system high school pre-requite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at a canadian college (outside of ontario & quebec) canadian college applicants coming from a vocational 2-year or 3-year diploma that is academic in nature will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?, where they must have completed a minimum of one year with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission. canadian college applicants coming from a university preparatory program or undergraduate degree program will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?. specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or through equivalent courses in the applicant?s post-secondary studies. see specific program page for prerequisite information. learn more about provincial and other educational system high school pre-requite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at a united states university or college united states university or college applicants coming from a vocational 2-year or 3-year diploma that is academic in nature will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?, where they must have completed a minimum of one year with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission. united states university or college applicants coming from a university preparatory program or undergraduate degree program will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?. specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or through equivalent courses in the applicant?s post-secondary studies. see specific program page for prerequisite information. learn more about provincial and other educational system high school pre-requite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at an international post secondary institution (outside of the united states) applicants coming from an accredited international post-secondary vocational 2-year or 3-year diploma that is academic in nature will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?, where they must have completed a minimum of one year with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission.* applicants coming from an accredited international post-secondary undergraduate degree program will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program?.* specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or through equivalent courses in the applicant?s post-secondary studies. see specific program page for prerequisite information. *important notes: grades and cumulative averages are converted to equivalent ontario grades for evaluation purposes. in some cases, course-outlines will be requested to evaluate pre-requisite course requirements for entry. translation is needed if the official documents are not in english and must be provided by an official translation service such as: (1) world educational service or (2) international education research foundation. for additional information for international students applying, please visit our international student website admission requirements for applicants at a canadian university degree program an applicant transferring from a 3-year or 4-year canadian university degree program with a minimum cumulative grade point average (cgpa) of 60% is eligible for general admission. the following faculties have higher minimum cgpa?s for transfer admission: odette school of business ? 67%, engineering ? 65%, social work ? 70% (including a supplementary competitive application and fall entry only) and nursing ? 75% (including a supplementary competitive application and fall entry only). a student who has been required to withdraw from their previous institution will not be accepted to the university of windsor during the period of their disbarment (typically 1-year). specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or through equivalent courses in the applicant?s post-secondary studies. see specific program page for prerequisite information. canadian citizen or permanent resident applicants who have attended a post-secondary institution but do not meet the stated admission requirements above, may still have opportunity to be admitted as a mature student admission (click on link for requirements and application process). for more details on transferring to uwindsor, the course equivalency database, and other transfer resources, please visit our transfer to uwindsor page how to apply step 1 apply through ouac transfer students may apply for either full-time or part-time undergraduate studies at the university of windsor. if applying for part-time studies, please review the part-time student application information prior to completing the application. it is suggested to apply by the following deadlines for the respective terms to ensure sufficient evaluation time of transfer credits: november 1st, for winter admission (january start) march 1st, for spring admission (may start) may 1st, for fall admission (september start) we recommend that transfer students apply earlier than the application deadlines to ensure sufficient time for student visa and transfer credit processing. we do, however, admit qualified students after the deadlines listed if the program has available space. a document evaluation fee is applied to all transfer student applications at the point of application which will cover the admission and transfer credit assessment of all post-secondary documents. learn more about student fees. apply now step 2 after you apply after submitting your application form, you can expect to receive an application acknowledgement email within five business days. this email will include instructions for: activating your uwin account signing into uwinsite student, uwindsor?s student information platform. once you have accessed uwinsite student, you will need to respond to the items in your to do list, including uploading the following documents: transcripts of all high school and post-secondary experiences for any applicant presenting documents issued under a prior name, an official certificate confirming a name change is also required after your documents have been received, they will be verified by uwindsor?s office of the registrar and the items on your to do list in uwinsite student marked as ?completed.? it is only at this point ? when all your documentation has been submitted and is in order ? that evaluation of your application will begin. evaluation, if there are no unique circumstances which require further analysis, may take up to four weeks. you can monitor the status of your application in uwinsite student. you will also be notified by email when a decision has been made. step 3 transfer credit evaluation the majority of transfer students are eligible to earn transfer credits. for specialized transfer pathways, these credits may be earned as a block of credits through transfer or degree completion pathway. see more information on transfer and degree completion pathways. transfer credit evaluation starts at the point of admission. transcripts are evaluated to determine courses that are eligible for transfer credit. transfer credit is granted at a minimum grade of 60% for university level / undergraduate degree program courses and 70% for college level / diploma program courses. courses that have been previously evaluated for transfer credit will be evaluated at the point of admission. please see our course equivalency database for a possible listing of evaluated credits from the post-secondary institutions you have previously attended. for courses that have not been previously evaluated, your letter of admission will proceed and not be delayed and students are encouraged to proceed to ?step 4 ? next steps? to complete the admission while their transfer credit is processed. in addition to receiving your letter of admission, you will be asked to submit course outlines for courses that have not been previously evaluated for transfer credit. review the guidelines here. transfer credit evaluation can take up to 3-4 weeks after receiving the submitted course outlines. your transfer credit results can be viewed on your uwinsite student account in your academic advising report or your unofficial transcript, after you?ve been activated for registration. step 4 next steps once you receive your offer of admission letter, you?ll want to follow the steps outlined on our next steps page including: how to review and accept your offer of admission how to set up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options how to extend your uwin account how to plan and register for courses and more... visit the next steps page transfer credits university students courses will be granted transfer credit for courses where a grade of 60% or better. college students non-university courses may be granted transfer credit where a grade of 70% or better is achieved, depending on individual course evaluations. many block transfer and degree completion pathways are available to incoming college students. more information on transfer pathways, transfer admission requirements and uwindsor's course equivalency database can be found here transfer credit for international baccalaureate (ib) credentials applicants with ib credentials may receive transfer credit for approved courses, where they have achieved ib grades of ?5? or more, to a maximum of 10 courses (30.0 credit hours). completion of the ib diploma is not a prerequisite for receiving transfer credit. transfer credit for advanced placement (ap) credentials applicants with ap credentials may receive transfer credit for approved courses where they have achieved ap grades of ?4? or ?5?, to a maximum of 10 courses (30.0 credit hours). apply to uwindsor if you don?t match the criteria for this application you might find one of these other applications useful. apply to an undergraduate program i'm a high school student in ontario i?m a high school student in canada, outside of ontario i?m a high school student from the united states i?m a homeschooled student i?m a high school student from outside of canada or the us (international) i'm a transfer student (college, university, ib or ap) i'm a mature student i'm interested in studying part-time i?m a visiting student from another university i?m a year iii second entry program student apply to a graduate program apply to an education program apply to a law program apply to continuing education apply to our english pathway program virtual events & webinars coming to a device near you! connect virtually: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event. get your questions answered in the way that suites you best. guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student upcoming events & webinars questions? need help? there's multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
