https://support.google.com/googleplay/?p=report_content
how to report an app on the google play store - computer - google play help google play help sign in google help help center community google play privacy policy google play terms of service submit feedback send feedback on... this help content & information general help center experience next help centercommunity google play user policies for apps & digital content how to report an app on the google play store as a precautionary health measure for our support specialists in light of covid-19, we're operating with a limited team. thanks for your patience, as it may take longer than usual to connect with us. for additional support, consult the help center. how to report an app on the google play store if you find an app that you believe is in violation of our google play developer program policies, you can report the app to google play. you can also report inappropriate content, comments, and reviews on google play. we take your reports very seriously. to request an app refund or get help with downloading, using, or deleting an app, go to get a refund on google play. how to report inappropriate apps & games we review content reported by users for sexual content, hateful content, impersonation, and other violations of our developer distribution agreement (or also visit our developer policy center). to let us know about an app or game that doesn't follow the google play developer program policy, fill out the report inappropriate apps form. tip: to provide feedback about the app to other users, you can leave a public review on the google play store. find out how to leave a review. how to report problems with family content we do our best to make sure any content with a family star is more carefully reviewed and is age appropriate. if you find inappropriate content, let us know. how to report comments & reviews in the play store let us know if you see a comment or review that doesn't follow the comment posting policy. android app developer replies developers can publicly reply to comments or reviews. let us know if you've received a developer reply that doesn't follow the developer comment posting policy. in the email you received with the developer response, click report developer reply. fill out the report inappropriate developer reply form. please include the direct link to the offensive developer comment, the developer name, and a brief summary. report inappropriate comments and reviews if you use a chromebook: if you have the play store app on your chromebook, use the instructions in the android tab above. go to google play. select the comment or review you'd like to report. click more spam. report trademark or copyright infringement to report an app that you believe infringes on a trademark or copyright, visit our legal removal requests page. was this helpful? how can we improve it? yesno submit computer android more need more help? sign in for additional support options to quickly solve your issue sign in true user policies for apps & digital content learn about refunds on google play comment posting policy how to report an app on the google play store consumer information ?2022 google privacy policy google play terms of service afrikaans?dansk?deutsch?eesti?english (united kingdom)?espa?ol?espa?ol (latinoam?rica)?filipino?fran?ais?fran?ais (canada)?hrvatski?indonesia?italiano?latvie?u?lietuvi??magyar?melayu?nederlands?norsk?polski?portugu?s?portugu?s (brasil)?rom?n??sloven?ina?sloven??ina?suomi?svenska?ti?ng vi?t?t?rk?e??slenska??e?tina??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? english? enable dark mode send feedback on... this help content & information general help center experience search clear search close search google apps main menu search help center true 84680 false
