https://www.uwindsor.ca/coop-workplace-partnerships/338/how-apply-co-op
how to apply to co-op | co-operative education & workplace partnerships skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students co-operative education & workplace partnerships co-operative education & workplace partnerships students welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us uwindsor home co-operative education & workplace partnerships students how to apply to co-op how to apply to co-op please note that this application process only applies to the following undergrad programs: business administration business/computer science chemistry / biochemistry computer science engineering physics and high technology for application details on other co-op programs such as kinesiology and masters level programs: please visit our full list of programs. students can apply for the co-op option when applying to the university of windsor or as a 2nd-year student. year 2 applications are available in mid-august via mysuccess. the deadline to apply for fall 2021 is 4:00pm, friday, september 17, 2021. selecting co-op when applying to the university of windsor: ontario high school applicants select the co-op degree program on the ontario university application centre form. out of province canadian high school applicants select the co-op degree program on the ontario university application centre form. college / university transfer applicants select the co-op degree program on the ontario university application centre form and submit the co-op application for transfer students form. international applicants select the co-op degree program on the ontario university application centre form and submit a co-op application for international students form. please contact us for more information. visit the ontario universities' application centre website download the co-op application for transfer students form current students: current students can access the co-op application form, along with program requirements, via our mysuccess system. visit the mysuccess portal. share tweet save employer spotlight share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
