https://www.uwindsor.ca/ohrea/103/idea-competition-2020
idea competition 2021-2022 | office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives home contact us about ohrea faqs accessibility and accommodation employment equity human rights anti-racism/anti-black racism committees religious accommodation forms and funding policies and guidelines reports and resources surveys training ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives accessibility awareness day annual ohrea awards idea competition 2020 - 2021 eligibility making your pitch submission details rules and regulations idea 101 celebration of nations ohrea newsletter home contact us about ohrea faqs accessibility and accommodation employment equity human rights anti-racism/anti-black racism committees religious accommodation forms and funding policies and guidelines reports and resources surveys training ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives accessibility awareness day annual ohrea awards idea competition 2020 - 2021 eligibility making your pitch submission details rules and regulations idea 101 celebration of nations ohrea newsletter follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram uwindsor home office of human rights, equity & accessibility (ohrea) ohrea initiatives/ohrea partnered initiatives idea competition 2021-2022 idea competition 2021-2022 the office of human rights, equity and accessibility (ohrea) is excited to announce the innovative designs for enhancing accessibility (idea) student competition for the 2021-2022 academic year. we are grateful to the entrepreneurship practice and innovation centre (epicentre) at the university of windsor for their support of this competition. prizes to be won* first place - $500 second place - $250 third place - $150 fourth place - $100 (*the prize amount will be applied to the selected entrant?s uwincard.) important dates: contest opens: november 1, 2021 contest closes: january 28, 2022 judging: february 10, 2022 watch a short video on the idea competition! each year, the university of windsor hosts a student competition to engage creative minds to develop inclusive, innovative, cost-effective and practical ideas to solve accessibility-related barriers. this competition is a presentation demonstrating your idea. entrants are not required to create a physical product, campaign, or device, etc? just show present your idea in the best way possible! idea is inspired by the goal of the accessibility for ontarians with disabilities act (aoda) to make ontario the most accessible province by 2025. your idea should address one (or several) barriers to accessibility identified by the accessibility for ontarians with disabilities act (aoda), which are: 1. attitudinal barriers attitudinal barriers are behaviours, perceptions, and assumptions that discriminate against persons with disabilities. these barriers often emerge from a lack of understanding, which can lead people to ignore, to judge, or to have misconceptions about a person with a disability. for example, making a person feel as though you are doing them a ?special favour? by providing their accommodation, or assuming a person with a disability is inferior. 2. organizational or systemic barriers organizational or systemic barriers are policies, procedures, or practices that unfairly discriminate against individuals with a disability and can prevent these individuals from participating fully in a situation. organizational or systemic barriers are often put into place unintentionally. for example, meetings or office hours conducted in person only, not allowing individuals to access the information by phone, e-mail, or other means of communication. 3. architectural or physical barriers architectural or physical barriers are elements of buildings or outdoor spaces that create barriers to persons with disabilities. these barriers relate to elements such as the design of a building's staircase or doorway, the layout of a room, or the width of halls or sidewalks. for example, sidewalks or doorways that are too narrow for a wheelchair, scooter or walker. another example would be poor lighting which makes it difficult for a person with low vision or a person who lip-reads to see. 4. information or communication barriers information or communication barriers occur when sensory disabilities, such as hearing, seeing or learning disabilities, have not been considered. these barriers relate to both the sending and receiving of information. for example, electronic documents that are not properly formatted with appropriate colour contrast or font making them difficult or impossible for a person with a vision disability to read. 5. technological barriers technological barriers occur when a device or technological platform is not accessible by its intended audience and cannot be used with an assistive device. technology can enhance the user's experience, but it can also create unintentional barriers for some users. technological barriers often relate to information and communication barriers. for example, learning management systems, customer relationship management systems or other websites that cannot be accessed using screen reading software or do not meet accessibility standards. follow the links below to learn more about: eligibility making your pitch (judging) submission details rules and regulations previous competition winners to download a pdf of the promotional poster, follow this link. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram what's new response to ontario human rights commission's letter on racism idea competition 2020-2021 employment equity annual report 2019 2019-2020 accessibility report and multi-year plan related links internal links: aboriginal education centre/turtle island department of human resources international student centre notice of service interruptions/projects office of the provost office of the registar office of student experience senate bylaws student accessibility services external links: legal assistance of windsor (law) ombudsman ontario ontario human rights commission ontario ministry of labour university of windsor's community legal aid share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
