https://www.ierf.org/?elqTrackId=d9af5e2bb61540b5b62b32abbafacb99&elqaid=697&elqat=2
ierf ? credentials evaluation service ? chartered naces member apply now menu home why ierf? why ierf? about ierf about ierf find out more about our history, mission, evaluation philosophy and resources. fun facts & factoids fun facts & factoids meet our team meet our team find out about our executive director, evaluation staff and allied health consultants. professional affiliations professional affiliations find out more about ierf?s professional affiliations, including naces. testimonials testimonials find out what our applicants and institutions have to say about us. for individuals for individuals standard application standard application this application is for individuals seeking further education (i.e., admission, transfer credit, etc.), professional licensing/certification (in certain fields), employment & salary adjustment, and immigration. for barbering & cosmetology licensure for barbering & cosmetology licensure this application is for individuals seeking licensure from the state boards to work as hairdressers and cosmetologists (e.g., nail technicians, aestheticians, etc.). for massage therapy licensure for massage therapy licensure this application is for individuals seeking licensure from the state boards to work as massage therapists. for physical therapy licensure for physical therapy licensure this application is for individuals seeking licensure from the state boards to work as physical therapists and physical therapist assistants. order a duplicate copy / revised report order a duplicate copy / revised report returning applicants may obtain extra copies of their reports in this section. q&a q&a answers to the most common questions about the application process and our evaluations can be found here. for institutions for institutions what is evaldirect?? what is evaldirect?? ierf offers its institutional clients electronic access to status information and evaluation reports. for education for education ierf reports can be used for further education (i.e., admission, transfer credit, etc.). for military recruitment for military recruitment ierf provides evaluation services for military recruitment. for licensure for licensure ierf provides evaluation reports for many state licensing and certification boards. for immigration for immigration ierf offers attorneys evaluation services for immigration purposes. q&a q&a answers to the most common questions about the application process and our evaluations can be found here. ierf vault ierf vault login ierf offers complimentary access to ierf vault to professionals in the field. ierf presentations and articles ierf presentations and articles ierf shares its expertise at conferences with professionals in the international community. ierf publications ierf publications ierf provides resources for professionals in the international community. training training ierf provides training in credentials evaluations for institutions that work with international applicants. research grants research grants ierf supports research in the field of international education. sepmeyer award sepmeyer award ? excellence in credentials evaluation research excellence in credentials evaluation research ierf?s 50th ierf?s 50th anniversary we are proud to be celebrating our milestone anniversary this year ? 5 decades of service in the field of international education. covid-19 updates covid-19 updates contact us contact us apply now apply now terms & conditions terms & conditions why ierf? about ierf fun facts & factoids meet our team professional affiliations testimonials for individuals standard application for barbering & cosmetology licensure for massage therapy licensure for physical therapy licensure order a duplicate copy / revised report q&a for institutions what is evaldirect?? for education for military recruitment for licensure for immigration q&a ierf vault ierf presentations and articles ierf publications training research grants sepmeyer award ierf?s 50th covid-19 updates contact us apply now terms & conditions for individuals for institutions ierf evaluates international credentials, no matter the country of study. our highly skilled and experienced evaluators are knowledgeable in over 20 languages and many of them have lived and studied abroad. ierf?s equivalency policy is determined by examining world educational systems and how a program best fits into the u.s. system. ierf has long-standing relationships with many colleges and universities, as well as state licensing and certification boards. for individuals for institutions foreign credentials evaluation service ierf is the oldest credentials evaluation service in the u.s. our equivalency reports are used to assist persons who have studied outside the u.s. with over 5 decades of experience, ierf has processed over 580,000 evaluations and is one of the most respected evaluation agencies. apply now our evaluation reports are used for: further education professional licensure & certification employment immigration military enlistment ierf is a founding member of the national association of credential evaluation services (naces?), a recognizing body for credentials evaluation services in the u.s. our evaluation reports are used for: further education professional licensure & certification employment immigration military enlistment celebrating 5 decades of service in international education back to top why ierf? about ierf meet our team professional affiliations testimonials for individuals standard application for barbering & cosmetology licensure for massage therapy licensure for physical therapy licensure order a duplicate copy / revised report q&a for institutions what is evaldirect?? for education for military recruitment for licensure for immigration q&a ierf presentations and articles ierf publications training research grants sepmeyer award ? excellence in credentials evaluation research p.o. box 3665, culver city, ca 90231-3665 310.258.9451 info@ierf.org privacy, cookie & corporate policies terms & conditions site map feedback vault login copyright ? 2022 international education research foundation, inc. copyright ? 2022international education research foundation, inc. copyright ? 2022 international education research foundation, inc. why ierf apply now contact us by using this website, you accept the terms of our updated privacy and cookie policy.accept privacy & cookies policy close privacy overview this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. necessary necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information. non-necessary non-necessary any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. save & accept ierf is accepting new applications for evaluations. please visit our ierf updates page for details. view updates ? our staff and the communities we serve remain our top priority during this difficult time. you may experience some delay in the processing of evaluation reports. please bear with us as we are doing whatever we can to minimize delays. we thank you for your understanding. if you have any queries, please contact us at info@ierf.org. ?
