https://www.uwindsor.ca/publicaffairs/299/photo-library
image library | office of public affairs & communications skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of public affairs & communications office of public affairs & communications in this section about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library uwindsor home office of public affairs & communications image library image library public affairs maintains an image library of the people and places that make up our campus. these images are available for use by faculty, staff, students, friends of the university, and the media subject to copyright conditions. note: the image library does not contain logo files, templates or other branding tools. those items are available at the university graphic standards website. go to the public affairs' image library copyright information all images in the library are copyright of the university of windsor. to use any photograph in the image library, users must agree to the following terms of usage: the office of public affairs and communications retains all rights to the photographs on this website. all images must be credited to the university of windsor. while images on this site are copyrighted, they are available for use by faculty, staff, students, friends of the university, and the media for non-commercial print and web publications relating to the university of windsor. users may make minor adjustments to the cropping or colour density of the image, but substantial alterations may be made only with the permission of the office of public affairs and communications. the user agrees to be responsible for any claims or liability arising from copyright infringement or unauthorized use of material that may arise in its reproduction or use. if you have any questions or require an image you do not see in the galleries, please contact the office of public affairs and communications. other image libraries the centre for teaching and learning also maintains an image library which is available to members of the campus community. go to ctl's image library share tweet save daily news top stories event to provide info on creative writing program session promises information on international student centre law profs named editors-in-chief of professional journal track and field lancers earn hardware at national meet gala honours inspirational women more contact pac welcome center (2nd floor south) phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3240 email: pac@uwindsor.ca helpful links the uwindsor brand our visual identity graphic standards manual vendor agreement image library model release form share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
