https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/stories
impact stories | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support uwindsor support uwindsor in this section welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor impact stories alumni duo gives back to odette! every member of the university of windsor alumni and donor community has a story. alumni and donor stories reflect a personal journey, a particular academic or career path or a pledge to having an impact on the students of today and tomorrow. raffaele and anne marie desando continue to share their story with the odette school of business as alumni, donors, advisors, and mentors. scholarship program aims to enhance post-secondary options for black students $3 million gift from rodzik family to support windsor law transformation a planned $30 million transformation of the current ron ianni faculty of law building got a major boost friday with the announcement of a $3 million gift by the don rodzik foundation in support of the transforming windsor law building project. fund to support research into natural treatments for cancer encouraging results investigating natural treatments for cancer continue to generate support for the work of biochemistry professor siyaram pandey and his research team. campaign aiming to transform windsor law collaboratory shifts traditional view of library ?the heart and soul of a university is its library,? said donor mary hatch at an event friday, sept. 20, to mark the grand opening of leddy library?s new student research collaboratory. 1 2 next ? share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
