https://conta.cc/3GWiSZL
important announcement - winter 2022 semester return to campus life and community e-newsletter - december 17, 2021 december 17, 2021 important announcement: winter 2022 semester dear uwindsor community, as this year comes to a close, we can reflect on all that we have accomplished, together. the resilience, consideration and dedication of our community is truly unmatched. thank you to each and every one of you for your perseverance and hard work over the past several months. you have allowed our community to come back together in many ways. unfortunately, the pandemic continues to evolve rapidly and there are still many unknowns about the covid omicron variant. as part of our ongoing commitment to the health and safety of our campus community, we are taking swift and proactive steps to respond to the next potential covid-19 threat that is omicron. while our plans for a gradual return to campus for the winter term remain in place, we are making some temporary adjustments in response to recent advice from local health authorities and ontario?s chief medical officer of health. any formal or informal university in-person gatherings should be postponed, and meetings should be held virtually where possible starting immediately. in-person exams will continue as scheduled. winter 2022 the university will be extending its closure over the holidays until wednesday, january 5, 2022. employees who are able to do so are being asked to work fully remotely as of january 5, recognizing that some employees are required to be on campus to support operations and student-facing services. change in start date for most classes classes for the winter term will now begin on january 17, 2022, and they will initially be held virtually. undergraduate classes in education and nursing will begin on january 3, 2022, as previously planned to accommodate practicum and clinical rotations, but will also be held virtually as much as possible. on-campus classes, activities, and work for students, faculty, and staff in the winter term will resume as soon as it is possible to do so. we will provide at least two weeks? notice regarding the return to campus. given our delayed start of classes, the earliest date for a return would be january 31, 2022. we will make the determination in consultation with local health authorities and the province, and communicate updates on a weekly basis. residence residence students will receive further communications from residence services shortly. library and other campus study spaces these spaces will remain open and available until wednesday, december 22 with strict physical distancing, mask wearing and completion of the safe lancer app self-assessment required. please continue to visit this listing of campus available and remote services as it will be updated regularly. although these adjustments are temporary, we know they will be important for the health and safety of our campus community. we also know that vaccination is one of our best defences against the impact of covid-19 and helps to protect our health care system. a slightly delayed and virtual start to our winter term will provide the opportunity for uwindsor community members to get their third vaccines as soon as possible before physically returning to campus. we encourage all members of our community to get their third shot as soon as they are able, to protect themselves, friends, colleagues, loved ones and the broader community. we hope by taking these proactive steps now, we will be better positioned to enjoy all that our on-campus life and community has to offer in the very near future. again, we thank you for your hard work, patience and support as we work through the challenges of the pandemic. we hope you are able to take the time to rest and rejuvenate over the holidays and prepare for a successful new year ahead. wishing everyone a joyous and peaceful holiday season. sincerely, rob gordon, phd president & vice chancellor patti weir, phd interim provost and vice-president, academic have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
