http://incubatorartlab.com/
incubator art lab enter your email address home about about us incubator art lab studio our team job opportunities newsletter blog blm solidarity teaching mfa undergraduate bioart projects jennifer willet projects incubator events publications contact hybrid labratory at the intersection of art, science and ecology research education exhibition incubator art lab studio we are excited to announce the launch of our second facility a storefront bioart studio and community engagement lab in downtown windsor, ontario, canada. the studio is a hybrid space including a fine arts studio workshop with bsl1 biology laboratory. read more about us incubator art lab at the intersection of art, science and ecology is a physical and theoretical hub, a new art/science laboratory at the university of windsor. founded in 2009, it functions both as an apparatus in which environmental conditions can be controlled towards the assisted growth of life, but also as a site supporting the development of new ideas and artistic practices. read more teaching incubator art lab supports undergraduate and masters of fine arts candidates through engaged bioart exploration beyond the classroom, studio and into the lab. the undergraduate course, bioart: contemporary art and the life sciences lead by dr. jennifer willet is offered year-round targets students of all disciplines and backgrounds regardless of arts experience. the mfa bioart is a two-year program geared towards creative exploration, experimentation and the development of a sustainable artistic practice. read more projects incubator art lab generates and hosts a variety of workshops, events, artworks, exhibitions, and research within its space. outputs profiled are created by incubator art lab founder and director dr. jennifer willet, in addition to collaborative projects with students, lab members and guest artists/curators. many of these projects created within incubator art lab have been exhibited locally, across canada and internationally. read more about us incubator art lab at the intersection of art, science and ecology is a physical and theoretical hub, a new art/science laboratory at the university of windsor. founded in 2009, it functions both as an apparatus in which environmental conditions can be controlled towards the assisted growth of life, but also as a site that supports the development of new ideas and artistic practices. read more teaching incubator art lab supports undergraduate and masters of fine arts candidates through engaged bioart exploration beyond the classroom, studio and into the lab. the undergraduate course, bioart: contemporary art and the life sciences lead by dr. jennifer willet is offered year-round targets students of all disciplines and backgrounds regardless of arts experience. the mfa bioart is a two-year program geared towards creative exploration, experimentation and the development of a sustainable artistic practice. read more projects incubator art lab generates and hosts a variety of workshops, events, artworks, exhibitions, and research within its space. outputs profiled are created by incubator art lab founder and director dr. jennifer willet, in addition to collaborative projects with students, lab members and guest artists/curators. many of these projects created within incubator art lab have been exhibited locally, across canada and internationally. read more incubator art lab physically and metaphorically incubator art lab serves as a site for innovative productive and performative imaginings of biotechnology as a technology of the body ? a complex ecology ? that implicates each of us intellectually and biologically in the continued propagation of the life sciences. contact us: incubator art lab school of creative arts university of windsor 37 university ave. east canada n9e1e4 incubatorlabadmin@uwindsor.ca please follow us @incubatorartlab sign up for our newsletter: your name (required) your email (required) ? incubator art lab 2019. photos by justin elliott
