https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentaccessibility/297/student-information
information for students | student accessibility services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student accessibility services student accessibility services in this section home students covid-19 update: new exam information for students academic accommodations intake and registration during covid-19 financial assistance disability documentation alternate format texbooks note taking support frequently asked questions prospective students faculty & staff accommodations explained transition programs downtown campus emergency response procedures contact us home students covid-19 update: new exam information for students academic accommodations intake and registration during covid-19 financial assistance disability documentation alternate format texbooks note taking support frequently asked questions prospective students faculty & staff accommodations explained transition programs downtown campus emergency response procedures contact us uwindsor home student accessibility services information for students information for students in addition to the provision/coordination of classroom and testing accommodations, student accessibility services (sas) provides a variety of services and supports to students who have registered with sas, having documented disabilities including: learning disabilities attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder acquired brain injuries vision, hearing and mobility impairments chronic medical conditions psychiatric issues these services and supports are intended to facilitate the inclusion of students with disabilities fully into the fabric of the university of windsor, and to help minimize the impact of a disability on individual learning and academic performance. advising student accessibility services advisors provide one-on-one support and facilitate necessary academic accommodations which may help to minimize the impact of a disability on learning and academic performance. in addition, sas advisors assist students adjust to the demands of university life by developing the skills and strategies necessary for academic success. advisors also work with students to develop independence and self-advocacy skills and provide input on how to develop networks of support by utilizing other student and academic support services available throughout campus. learning strategist the sas learning strategist works with students to assist them in understanding their psycho-educational assessments, and to then develop strategies for improving memory, note taking, reading, studying and exam taking in order to enhance academic performance and meet educational goals. collaboration between the learning strategist and student is encouraged so as to assist students with learning disabilities identify their needs and prioritize their academic goals. students are encouraged to connect the strategies utilized during ls sessions to their existing learning styles and personal patterns of cognitive strengths and weaknesses. the learning strategist is also available to consult with faculty to ensure that the diverse learning needs of students are met. ld and ad/hd coaching the ld and adhd coaches works with students with learning disabilities and/or attention deficit disorders to improve time management and organizational skills. in addition, the coaches work with students to develop motivation, set appropriate and realistic goals, improve follow through, and prepare for tests and exams. students with learning disabilities can also work specifically with the ld coach to learn academic strategies and techniques designed to maximize their learning potential. assistive technology consultation and training assistive technology is meant to enable students with disabilities to compensate for educational barriers imposed by a disability. sas advisors work with students to help determine which assistive technologies may be the most beneficial in minimizing the impact of a disability. an assistive technologist and technical consultant are available to discuss technology needs with students and the types of technology which may best enhance individual learning and performance. training for effective utilization of various types of software, including dragon naturally speaking, is also available. text conversion and alternate format many students with learning disabilities,visual disabilities, or certain mobility impairments may be interested in obtaining their textbooks and other materials in alternate formats (alt-format) as an auxiliary aid to assist them with their reading and coursework. at the university of windsor, a request for this accommodation is handled in the same manner as requests for any other academic accommodations. students seeking alternate format texts must present documentation that clearly supports the need for the request. after a student's documentation has been reviewed and the recommendation has been approved, the student must meet with a student accessibility services staff member to obtain additional information concerning specific policies and procedures and;how to make effective use of this accommodation. for more information about this accommodation, please go to our alternate format textbook web page the learning annex the learning annex is a private computer lab which makes up-to-date assistive technology readily available to students registered with student accessibility services. the annex houses computers connected to the world wide web and the leddy library voyager system. some computers are placed on height-adjustable desks with separate keyboard height adjustment for wheelchair accessibility. computer programs for accessibility include zoom text extra, kurzweil 3000, kurzweil 1000, dragon naturallyspeaking and jaws. cctvs are available for enlarging text, and the latest office productivity software, mathematics and statistics programs are also available on all computers. the annex can also provide a quiet study space for students. the leddy library is home to the annex, which is in room g104 on the basement floor of the main building. students who are registered with student accessibility services may access the learning annex by obtaining and using a personal swipe card for secure entry. check with you advisor in sas to learn more. s.t.e.p.s. (skills to enhance personal success) take steps towards your academic success the student success and leadership centre offers free workshops through the skills to enhance personal success (steps) program that is geared towards helping to develop study skills to achieve academic success in a university setting. steps sessions are held throughout the fall and winter semester to introduce practical methods that can help you improve your learning and study skills across disciplines. steps workshops are free of charge and no registration is required to attend our workshops. if you would like more information about the steps program, please email success@uwindsor.ca. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
