https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/414/research-information
information about research | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research campus procedures health & safety protocols faq for research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information about research information about research coming to campus? read this important information about daily covid-19 screening required to access campus. supporting critical research uwindsor is excited to return to on-campus learning with a broad range of in-person, face-to-face classes. do you have questions? we've assembled all the information you need to know right here. health and safety remains our top priority. if feeling unwell, stay home. visit the reporting an illness - faculty & staff page to learn more. the covid-19 challenge is dynamic and the plans for research and innovation will adjust accordingly. for the latest updates, visit the covid-19 research and innovation guidance page. workplace accommodation resources resources for researchers share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
