https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2022-03-23/person-performances-returning-scholarship-competition
in-person performances returning to scholarship competition | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews the 2020 ron w. ianni memorial scholarship in performance competition brought competitors physically together. that format will resume friday. in-person performances returning to scholarship competition mar 24th, 2022 the school of creative arts will host the annual ron w. ianni memorial scholarship in performance competition as an in-person event this year. the competition will be held in the performance hall, located on the main floor of the soca armouries, at noon friday, march 25, as a special recital in the ?soca fridays? series. a campus audience is welcome, however, seating is limited. last year, music students recorded their performances and submitted them to the panel. the event was held virtually with participants introducing their performances and the audience watching it online. competitors are invited based on their grades in the december performance juries. the $500 annual award is open only to full-time students enrolled in a music degree program. students who have qualified to compete this year include: colin gronert, saxophone ? instructor jeff price sam fedele, classical piano ? instructor. philip adamson meredith garswood, classical voice ? instructor jennifer swanson carter gaus, trombone ? instructor mike stone andrew seguin, classical guitar ? instructor mike mcnamara stefanie adams, violin ? instructor lillian scheirich madelyn stein, jazz/pop voice ? instructor shahida nurullah bailey deziel, clarinet ? instructor trevor pittman the scholarship was established by mina grossman-ianni and the school of music in 2005 to honour the late president of the university of windsor, ron ianni. jurors assess the finalists, and the winner of the scholarship is announced at the conclusion of the concert. while there is no admission fee, attendees must follow all uwindsor health and safety policies, including being vaccinated and wearing masks and completing the covid self-assessment on the safe lancer app or at www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/339/self-assessment-questionnaire prior to visiting the soca armouries. ?susan mckee colin gronert jeff price sam fedele philip adamson meredith garswood jennifer swanson carter gaus mike stone andrew seguin mike mcnamara stefanie adams lillian scheirich madelyn stein shahida nurullah bailey deziel trevor pittman strategic priority: provide an exceptional undergraduate experience academic area: arts, humanities and social sciences creative arts share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
