https://www.uwindsor.ca/career-development-experiential/1018/person-appointments
in-person appointments | career development & experiential learning skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students get support career development & experiential learning appointments and drop-in welcome join us on blackboard career events calendar covid-19 career series get experience vip-community service learning ignite work study job shadow experience windsor-essex career apprenticeship program co-operative education experience maps volunteerism planning your career market yourself & find a job get support appointments and drop-in in-person appointments workshops & webinars peer advising career peer link - your peer career blog events & fairs info for employers office of experiential learning mysuccess contact us post a career opportunity welcome join us on blackboard career events calendar covid-19 career series get experience vip-community service learning ignite work study job shadow experience windsor-essex career apprenticeship program co-operative education experience maps volunteerism planning your career market yourself & find a job get support appointments and drop-in in-person appointments workshops & webinars peer advising career peer link - your peer career blog events & fairs info for employers office of experiential learning mysuccess contact us post a career opportunity uwindsor home career development & experiential learning get support appointments and drop-in in-person appointments in-person appointments cdel is offering a limited number of in-person appointments for students/alumni who would like to meet with a career advisor or career consultant in person during the covid-19 pandemic while access to campus and in person services is limited. online and phone appointments are also available. how to book an in-person appointment to book an in-person appointment: log on to mysuccess click "career" --> "appointments" --> "book by appointment type" choose the "career advising - in person" appointment to see the calendar of available in-person appointments in-person appointment protocols we can easily switch an in-person appointment to an online or phone appointment at any time, including during the appointment, if you start feeling unwell or exhibiting symptoms. if you change your mind, or are unable to meet the on-campus requirements, please email careerservices@uwindsor.ca to switch to an online or phone appointment. you will still have the same appointment time with the same career advisor. for in-person appointments, you must adhere to the following covid-19 safety protocols. please read these thoroughly before your in-person appointment: review the be a safe lancer information and complete the self assessment on the safe lancer app within 24 hours of your arrival. our staff will be verifying it has been completed upon your arrival. you must wear a mask at all times while in the building. only attend the meeting if you are covid-19 symptom free. arrive at your appointment time (please refrain from arriving early). you must enter the joyce entrepreneurship centre from the entrance off wyandotte street and abide by the signage and zone and flow traffic markings in the building. upon arrival, scan your safe lancer green badge at the kiosk. sanitize your hands before approaching the reception desk. you must maintain a 2-metre distance between yourself and others at all times, and/or respect the plexiglass barriers, while in the building. if you didn?t already upload your documents, please email any related materials to careerservices@uwindsor.ca in advance of your appointment and note the date/time of your scheduled appointment. this includes things like the document you'd like critiqued (resume, cover letter, linkedin profile, letter of intent, etc.) or the description of the job or program for which you are applying or interviewing. we will not be taking any paper copy documents that you bring with you. it will be helpful if you have these documents on a device you bring with you, but if not, we can print copies for you. please refer to the university of windsor?s campus procedures for more information: https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/420/campus-procedures-students share tweet save upcoming workshops & drop in advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 advanced resume and cover letter writing thu, 04/07/2022 - 11:30 advanced job search fri, 04/08/2022 - 10:00 introduction to job search mon, 04/11/2022 - 11:30 introduction to cover letters tue, 04/12/2022 - 10:00 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
