https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/417/institutional-response-covid-19-pandemic
institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic the university of windsor is committed to a gradual and measured approach towards our return to campus. our planning is guided by the following: our top priority is to provide a safe environment for our staff, faculty and students. our return to campus will be gradual, deliberate and guided by prevailing public health advice and provincial directives. we are committed to advancing the mission of our university while providing an exceptional student experience. we will adapt our campus spaces to ensure a safe and enjoyable on-campus experience. continuity of education plan - september 2, 2021 protocol for confirmed or presumed covid-19 case on-campus in the event of a confirmed or presumed covid-19 case on campus: individuals that have been on campus within 48-hours of symptom onset, or if no symptoms, the date of the positive test, must report the situation to covid19reporting@uwindsor.ca, and follow the directions provided, including notifications to others, as appropriate. a member of health and safety may contact you for further information. in addition, a list of university close contacts must be sent to health and safety at: safety@uwindsor.ca. close contact means: being less than two metres apart for at least a cumulative duration of 15 minutes in a 24-hour period, within the 48-hour period before symptoms began, or, if no symptoms, the date of the positive test; or, living in the same home. *this definition does not apply to individuals who wear prescribed personal protective equipment. health and safety may initiate notification to senior leadership, activate the covid-19 case response team, and notify facility services, environmental services for disinfection purposes as required. reasonable measures will be taken to protect the identity of individuals with respect to covid-19 case management. supervisors and employees are reminded that reported covid-19 related illnesses or absences must be treated confidentially, including not sharing this information with others. this information is only to be shared with health and safety and the windsor-essex county health unit (wechu). supervisors and employees must ensure their records of on-campus work days, hours, building locations, and close contacts are readily available to forward to health and safety, upon request. the university, health and safety, and the covid-19 case response team will determine the next steps required and consult with wechu if necessary. only those who meet the university?s definition of ?close contact? above, or those identified by wechu, will be considered a close contact. anyone who is identified as having been in close contact with a person within 48-hours of symptom onset, or if no symptoms, the date of the positive test, will be asked to not come to campus per the instruction email provided. health and safety will coordinate with facility services on the appropriate cleaning and disinfection procedures as appropriate. while maintaining the individual?s health information privacy, the university will act on wechu or appropriate public health bodies? instruction to post notices of any positive covid-19 results. it is critical to continue to practice physical distancing, proper hygiene etiquette, wearing community protective equipment (cpe) and personal protective equipment (ppe) and conducting a health screening self-assessment, as part of the covid-19 hazard mitigation measures outlined in the university?s return to campus website. covid-19 case counts uwindsor has developed comprehensive protocols and procedures for any reported confirmed case of covid-19 on campus in accordance with the windsor essex county health unit (wechu). due to the recent surge in covid-19 cases related to the omicron variant and changes in testing eligibility, case counts are no longer reflective of the actual number of positive cases within the community as testing capacity is limited. as a result, the on-campus case count dashboard is no longer being updated. monitoring of on-campus positive cases will continue. local health unit management of cases, close contacts and outbreaks has been modified to focus on high-risk settings. to learn more, visit: wechu.org privacy of our community upholding the privacy and confidentiality of members of the uwindsor community is vital. any information that may compromise the identity of individuals testing covid-19 positive will not be shared outside of the covid-19 response teams and wechu. guidelines for individuals attending campus covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. prior to going to campus each day (university buildings or property), individuals must complete a health screening self-assessment questionnaire for symptoms of covid-19. learn more about qr code scanning at designated entrances. individuals on campus are expected to follow the health and safety recommendations and directives provided by local and provincial health authorities, including: proper hand hygiene: wash hands frequently and thoroughly with soap and water >20 seconds, or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer. proper respiratory etiquette: cover coughs and sneezes with elbow or sleeve. discard of tissues immediately and wash hands afterwards. avoid touching face, eyes, nose, mouth. practice physical distancing by maintaining 2 metres (6 feet) away from others, whenever possible. wear a mask as per the university of windsor mask policy. clean and disinfect high-touch surfaces frequently. it is expected that all individuals on campus are to follow the health and safety directives provided by the university, including: posted signage and protocols screening protocols illness and absence reporting participating in safety training, as required directional signage and floor markings restricted / closed spaces or work areas procedures and protocols, including the use of personal protective equipment (ppe) and community protective equipment (cpe) as required required use of masks when entering or exiting campus buildings, and in shared spaces such as entrances and exits, stairwells, hallways, lounges, washrooms and elevators. employees reporting hazards and concerns to their supervisor employees requesting accommodation due to individual risk factors must speak with their supervisor and/or human resources. supervisors are required to maintain accurate records of all employees who are working on campus. these records will be important to provide information for contact tracing, if required by wechu and/or the university. employees are responsible to maintain a 14-day record of their work days, work locations, and any possible close contacts. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
