http://www.uwindsor.ca/studentawards/international-students-scholarships
international students - scholarships and bursaries | student awards and financial aid skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student awards and financial aid student awards and financial aid scholarships and bursaries home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries uwinaward search uwinaward application webinar registration entering students current students external scholarships outstanding scholars international students transfer students in-course bursary forms faqs convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries uwinaward search uwinaward application webinar registration entering students current students external scholarships outstanding scholars international students transfer students in-course bursary forms faqs convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home student awards and financial aid scholarships and bursaries international students - scholarships and bursaries international students - scholarships and bursaries uwindsor open entrance scholarships international students are automatically considered for the university of windsor open entrance scholarship program provided that the following conditions are met: must be coming directly from secondary school studies - the student must have completed a minimum of one term of full-time secondary school studies in the year immediately preceding the academic year that they are applying for. in the year immediately preceding, the student is not considered to have returned to secondary school studies to upgrade after a year or more break in studies. while a student may receive an offer of admission, scholarship eligibility is based on final and interim grade 12 (u and m level equivalent) grades received (between may and july). once all final grades are received, scholarship eligibility will be reviewed should grades improve sufficient to move in to the next scholarship tier. students must be entering the fall term as a full-time student. winter start students are not considered unless planning to register as a full-time student in the summer term immediately following winter. winter start students will need to contact the student awards & financial aid office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform for eligibility inquiries. scholarship notification is sent to students via email. international students are automatically considered for transfer student scholarships provided that the eligibility criteria has been met. scholarship equivalencies scholarship average: 95 - 100% india equivalent: 95.5 - 100% china equivalent: 96 - 100% scholarship average: 90 - 94.4% india equivalent: 90 - 95.4% china equivalent: 92 - 95.9% scholarship average: 85 - 89.9% india equivalent: 85.5 - 89.9% china equivalent: 88 - 91.9% scholarship average: 80 - 84.9% india equivalent: 80 - 84.4% china equivalent: 84 - 87.9% other automatic entrance scholarships uwindsor skills competition scholarships the university of windsor is committed to supporting students who are excelling academically and who go above and beyond by competing in a variety of skills competitions and challenges. uwindsor skills competition scholarships can be received in addition to an open entrance scholarship or any other award that the student is eligible to receive. you can also receive multiple skills competition scholarships! to qualify, students must be entering directly from full-time secondary school studies into a first year, undergraduate program at the university of windsor. scholarships are awarded on the basis of the terms and conditions that are specific to each award. scholarships cannot be transferred to another student and are applied directly to a student's tuition account in the fall term, provided that the student has confirmed their scholarship by completing the registration form and they have registered as a full-time student. to apply for a university of windsor skills competition scholarship, complete your uwinaward entrance application profile by april 30 to be considered. once you have submitted your application, please have your mentor complete the skills competition scholarships attestation form. once completed, please upload your form to your uwinaward entrance application profile by april 30 to be considered. currently, the university of windsor is offering the following skills competition scholarships: event: uwindsor science olympiad organizers: uwindsor - faculty of science value: $1000 award description: awarded annually to members of the university of windsor hosted winning science olympiad team. recipients must accept an offer of admission and register at the university of windsor within two years of receiving the award. event: windsor regional science, tech. and engineering fair organizers: wrstef committee value: $2000 award description: the university of windsor seeks to acknowledge the best gold medal-awarded senior project from the windsor regional science, technology and engineering fair (wrstef). this award will be applied to the tuition fees when the student registers in an undergraduate science or engineering program at the university of windsor. in the case of a partner project, each student will receive a $1000 award. if there is no gold-medal senior project, the award will be given to the best gold-medal intermediate project winner. event: first robotics - windsor essex great lakes district event organizers: first robotics canada value: up to $3000 depending on your program of study** deadline: april 30 to submit attestation form. award description: the university of windsor seeks to acknowledge participation in the windsor-essex great lakes district first robotics competition. eligible recipients must be currently in grade 12 and planning to attend the university of windsor as a full-time, undergraduate student in upcoming fall semester. ** if you will be participating in the first robotics (and have indicated this in your uwinaward entrance application profile) you may be considered for a $1000 skills competition scholarship. students offered admission and who register in a science program may be eligible for an additional $1000 scholarship and students entering computer science may be eligible for an additional $1000 scholarship. required documents: you must complete your uwinaward entrance application profile by april 30 to be considered. uwindsor skills competition scholarships - first robotics - attestation form please complete an attestation form available from our website or available on the 'templates' tab and upload as part of your profile using document code: robo. please note that provided you are participating and preparing for a skills competition, you may submit the attestation form as some of the events may take place after the april 30 deadline. you can be considered on the basis that you have been preparing for an event that may be taking place after april 30. the $1000 computer science first robotics scholarship is a separate competition process. please see our website for additional details or visit the computer science webpage. if you are member of the university of windsor community and you are hosting a skills competition or skills challenge event and you would like to inquire about scholarship opportunties, please send an email to ask.uwindsor.ca with your request. requests should be received at least 6 months in advance of the event and should include the following information: event name: date of event: organizers: proposed scholarship value: proposed scholarship terms: main contact person: ignite work study international students may apply for a limited number of on-campus work positions. for more information, visit our ignite work study page. awards requiring an application the uwinaward student profile for students entering the university of windsor directly from high school, will open on december 1 the submission deadline for applications and supporting documentation is april 30. a list of entrance scholarships and bursaries is now available for download. this document is intended as a preview only to assist students with preparing their letters and supporting documentation requirements for when the profile is released. submissions, with the exception of the awards that are managed externally (where links are provided), must be submitted via the on-line profile once it has been opened. please note the citizenship requirements when reviewing awards. international students can be considered for awards that are for international students specifically or that are considered 'open'. some other useful links: scholarship application resources universities canada financial-need based awards information additional support available occasionally, international students are faced with unexpected situations which may lead to temporary financial constraints.?canadian students have options available to them that international students do not with respect to government student aid programs and institutional aid that is only available to canadian citizens or permanent residents of canada (including those with protected person status). the university of windsor's emergency support bursary for international students can provide funding of up to $1000 per academic year in order to assist students during a temporary period of unexpected financial difficulty. in addition, students are encouraged to visit our international student centre for additional supports as well as additional 'money matters' information specific to international students. the international student support/emergency bursary: this bursary is intended to cover a temporary loss of resources or an emergency expense and is not intended to supplement a student?s income or to pay for items which should have otherwise been budgeted for.??generally, a student?s tuition and fees must be paid in full for?a bursary application to be considered and a student must be in good academic standing. exceptions may be?considered for example, if funds that were otherwise intended for tuition were redirected to the emergency expense that has arisen.? ?application procedures: before a student can be referred to the application process, the student must send an email to ask.uwindsor.ca. the email should include first and last name, student number, program of study and one paragraph explaining the urgent and unanticipated need. the rationale cannot be related to finances lost as a result of the covid-19 situation. students will have made the decision to attend or return to the university of windsor while taking into consideration the impact that this pandemic has had on their financial situation. if there is sufficient evidence to support the request for funding, a link to a hardship review form will be forwarded to the student. the application will be reviewed by the financial aid office generally within 10 business days (decisions may take longer if requests are received within the first two weeks of the start of classes). once a decision is made the student will be notified by email. emergency bursaries up to $1000 are intended to cover emergency situations that could not be planned for. some examples of where a bursary may be approved are as follows: travel resulting from a death in the immediate family medical expenses not covered by the university?s green shield ohip equivalent health insurance plan (gship) loss of essential property not covered by insurance wire transfers are delayed unexpectedly graduate assistantships arriving from countries where currency exchange controls do not allow them to bring enough money to cover initial expenses students on foreign scholarships whose cheques have been delayed by governments or banks abroad examples of situations which cannot be covered are: transportation and other costs involved in returning home at the end of studies research expenses and thesis costs sending money back home even in an emergency with your immediate family that has not accompanied you to canada cosmetic medical costs such as nonemergency dental care tuition and fees. questions regarding the application process and documentation requirements can be directed to the student awards & financial aid office via email the ask.uwindsor.ca platform. tuition and fees for information on tuition and fees, please visit the cashiers office. graduate financial aid graduate scholarships and financial aid is administered from the department of graduate studies. government sponsored financial aid government sponsored financial aid is not available to international students. to be considered, students must be canadian citizens, permanent residents or considered a protected person of canada. information for entering international undergrad students the study in canada scholarship is provided by global affairs canada (gac) but requires the university of windsor to submit an application on your behalf. please visit ask.uwindsor.ca to learn more about study in canada scholarship and eligibility. international student resources students can find relevant information regarding international student resources by visiting www.internationalstudentloan.com. services available: phone you may reach our office at: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3300 service effective march 28, 2022: monday, tuesday & friday: 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. wednesday & thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.; 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. email please direct your initial question to ask.uwindsor.ca as there may be a knowledge base article that may answer your question. in order to better assist you, always please include your uwindsor student number in your communications. students should complete their uwinaward student application/profile via uwinsite student > student homepage > award profile to be matched with eligible funding opportunities. additional information for domestic students who are experiencing financial hardship. additional information for international students who are experiencing financial hardship. sending in documents documents may be faxed, sent as an attachment through ask.uwindsor.ca, placed in our drop-box located in the lobby of cht or mailed to: student awards & financial aid university of windsor 401 sunset ave. cht room 102 windsor, on n9h 1g3 fax: (519) 973-7087 https://ask.uwindsor.ca/ visit us to visit the student awards & financial aid office, the following steps must be taken: 1) complete the safe lancer app to receive your green approved badge. for additional information on the protocols that are in place to visit the campus in person, click here. information on the 'return to campus' procedures and 'vaccination policy' can be found on the university of windsor website https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/. if you do not have a green badge, you can't visit us in person and you will need to address your issue using one of our remote services available. 2) proceed to campus only if you have completed the safe lancer app and have an approved badge. access to chrysler hall tower is available by entering through the north doors of chyrsler hall north, facing the leddy library parking lot or, with a student id access card, via the main doors to chrysler hall tower, on monday - thursday, between the hours of 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 3) remember, students may drop off documents in our drop-box located in the lobby of chrylser hall tower and do not need to get in the queue to complete this task. 4) be sure that you have government issued photo id or your uwin id card. we will not be able to serve you in person if you don't have proper identification. 5) once you are cleared to visit the campus, scan the qr code below using a mobile device or click on the qr code. use our queing system to register and to place yourself in our virtual line in order to visit the office for in-person service related to your government financial aid file, scholarships or bursaries. we are available for in-person service during the following hours: safa service hours: day open close monday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm tuesday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm wednesday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm thursday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm friday ----- ------ remote services only. book an appointment if you feel that you need to talk to someone about your situation, please take the following steps: 1) try asking your question using https://ask.uwindsor.ca. we have many knowledge base articles that might be able to assit you with you question. 2) log in to https://ask.uwindsor.ca to submit a service request and a student awards or financial aid representative will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. 3) call our office during our phone service hours. a student award or financial aid representative may be able to resolve your issue over the phone. 4) if options 1) through 3) do not resolve your issue, through option 2) or 3), we will schedule you a virtual teams meeting/appointment with a student awards or financial aid specialist for a time that is mutually convenient. drop-in sessions/uwinaward profile/application uwinaward profile/application support here is the schedule for our virtual drop-in sessions available for students who require assistance with their uwinaward profile/application for bursary and scholarship applications. ______________________________________________________ general support for the week of january 10th, we will be hosting 4 drop-in sessions to answers general financial aid related inquiries to assist students with any questions that they may have regarding regarding winter 2022 financial aid. prospective students who have questions about financial aid availability for the 2022-23 are also encouraged to attend. the schedule for these drop-in sessions can be found here. important notes: we will attempt to return messages and service requests within 2 business days where possible. in september, january & may however, our response time may be closer to 7-10 business days. please do not leave/send multiple messages/emails as this will delay our response time. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter financial aid deadlines 2021-2022 financial aid deadlines 2020-2021 financial aid deadlines canada revenue agency students and income tax guide resources students & filing income tax forms and guides for students helpful videos for students international students if you have received a donor sponsored award at any point during your university career, please take a moment to send a letter of thanks to your donor. complimentary thank you cards and prepaid postage envelopes are availabe in the student awards & financial aid office for pick-up (sponsored by alumni affairs and donor communications). financial aid news & updates impact of alternative grading system on osap it is recognized that dropping or withdrawing from course(s) may be necessary to avoid academic standing issues. if you are receiving student financial aid, dropping or withdrawing from course(s) could have both immediate, and future financial implications. prior to dropping or withdrawing from course(s), ensure you understand the impact to your financial aid eligibility and assessment. contact the student awards and financial aid office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform for further details. impact of alternative grading system on scholarship renewal for renewable scholarship eligibility, students must remain registered in a minimum *60% course load each semester (*covid exception policy for 2020/21 and 2021/22 academic years) and maintain the minimum cumulative average required for their respective awards. if you are considering either the pass/no pass or voluntary withdrawal (vwc) option as outlined in the recent email regarding the alternative grading system, you may wish to submit a service request to our office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform to discuss the possible impact on your scholarship renewal eligibility. share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
