https://www.uwindsor.ca/education/continuing/iec-ib?elqTrackId=1911ee2ec86744c9acdd56e72c196200&elqaid=581&elqat=2
international educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualification | faculty of education skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of education faculty of education continuing teacher education pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries continuing teacher education international educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualification admission requirements faqs about iec for ib qualification aq courses for teachers continuing teacher education transcripts continuing teacher education program brochure pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries continuing teacher education international educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualification admission requirements faqs about iec for ib qualification aq courses for teachers continuing teacher education transcripts continuing teacher education program brochure uwindsor home faculty of education continuing teacher education international educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualification international educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualification ib course registration the international educator certificate for ib qualification programme will qualify you for an ib certificate in teaching and learning. this highly-valued credential will help open up teaching opportunities for you in the 100+ ib schools within ontario and over 4700 schools across the globe. the ib certificate in teaching and learning offers students the opportunity to examine the principles and practices associated with one of three ib programmes (primary years, middle years and diploma programmes). this certificate programme shapes pre-service, new and experienced educators into reflective practitioners and teacher researchers. this programme is comprised of 4 online courses and a practical component. the practical component consists of a professional learning community (plc) facilitated online. thus, students can satisfy all certificate requirements fully online, from anywhere in the world! the programme is available to practicing teachers, current year 1 and year 2 bachelor of education students as well as international educators! with 3 intakes per year- start in january, june or september- the ib certificate program is flexible for pre-service, new and experienced educators. complete the certificate at your own pace in as little as 8 months! click here to apply now questions? need help? contact the faculty of education continuing education office. please be advised that the faculty of education is working remotely. to speak to someone regarding ib courses you can contact ib@uwindsor.ca or book an online appointment. course descriptions iec 000-pyp/myp - curriculum processes iec 001-pyp/myp - teaching and learning iec 002-pyp/myp - assessment and evaluation iec 003-pyp/myp - professional learning iec 005 - professional learning community iec 000-dp - curriculum processes iec 001-dp - teaching and learning iec 002-dp - assessment and evaluation iec 003-dp - professional learning iec 005 - professional learning community please email us at ib@uwindsor.ca if you have any program questions, or give us a call at 519-253-3000 ext. 6734. however, before you do so, we highly recommend that you review the information below, as well as the iec for ib frequently asked questions page. click here to apply now course sequencing the university of windsor international educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualification has been designed with the diverse needs of students and working professional in mind. the program is 100% online and is designed to be flexible and accessible from anywhere in the world! take up to two (2) courses a semester, excluding the practicum or professional learning community portion. please note that iec-000 or iec-001 are prerequisites before taking the remaining courses. students may only take iec-002 or iec-003 only if they have already completed one of the prerequisites courses (iec-000 or iec-001). to learn more about course sequencing or view different pathways, please see the iec for ib frequently asked questions page. click here to apply now process for obtaining ib certificate in teaching and learning once you have completed the requirements for your university of windsor international educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualification, you will be eligible to apply to the international baccalaureate organization (ibo) for an ib certificate in teaching and learning. please note that the ibo assesses an application fee of $265 usd. once you complete the program, we will assist you through the process of applying to ibo. click here to apply now important semester dates term registration opens registration closes courses start courses end withdrawal deadline semester length winter 2022 may 1, 2021 january 2, 2022 january 24, 2022 april 4, 2022 february 6, 2022 10 weeks summer 2022 november 15, 2021 may 16, 2022 june 7, 2022 august 16, 2022 june 20, 2022 10 weeks fall 2022 november 15, 2021 august 30, 2022 september 21, 2022 november 29, 2022 october 4, 2022 10 weeks winter 2023 may 1, 2022 january 2, 2023 january 23, 2023 march 27, 2023 february 5, 2023 10 weeks click here to apply now file attachments: attachment continuing_teacher_education_-_brochure.pdf share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
