http://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre?elqTrackId=6bc734eb2160418085bbb0fbe70bdf1f&elqaid=697&elqat=2
international student centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students international student centre in this section international arrivals - new & returning new students health plans and services immigration and visa student exchange opportunities resources for students getting involved faculty and staff resources events isc newsletter isc room reservations contact us faq international arrivals - new & returning new students health plans and services immigration and visa student exchange opportunities resources for students getting involved faculty and staff resources events isc newsletter isc room reservations contact us faq uwindsor home international student centre international student centre international student centre welcome to the international student centre (isc) at the university of windsor! connect with us! the doors to the isc are now open for limited in-person services, monday through friday from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm. if you are planning to travel to canada, please review the information on the covid-19 travel guide. if you are a newly arrived student, please email isc@uwindsor.ca and gship@uwindsor.ca for further assistance. a virtual softlanding session is available for new students via blackboard. for all other matters, please connect with us via email or blackboard. update: the university of windsor is approved to reopen to international students from outside of canada. uwindsor is on the approved list of designated learning institutions (dlis) that have reopened to asymptomatic international students from outside of canada. international students who have been approved for a study permit can now travel to canada for their studies. please click on the blue bar below for general information and travel updates. if you are a new or returning student looking to travel to windsor/canada please review the following information: international arrivals new and returning students the international student centre continues to provide support and services as follows: isc blackboard live virtual services (current students only -check for times through the isc blackboard page) general inquiries related to international student services and supports: isc@uwindsor.ca green shield (ohip equivalent health coverage) gship@uwindsor.ca student exchange exchange@uwindsor.ca study permit, visa and immigration questions: intladvisors@uwindsor.ca tax questions (from february until april 30 of each year): isctax@uwindsor.ca many resources are also available for current students through isc?s blackboard site. if you can't find the answers you're looking for on our website, on blackboard or by using the ask.uwindsor.ca site, please visit the isc virtual front desk! you can access the virtual front desk through our blackboard site by clicking on "isc virtual lounge" in the left-hand menu. we are happy to help in any way we can! attention new students: please complete the soft landing arrival form if you haven't already done so. international student centre university of windsor 2nd floor laurier hall 401 sunset ave, windsor, on n9b 3p4 isc@uwindsor.ca www.uwindsor.ca/isc (519) 253-3000 ext 3938 share tweet save covid-19 essential information updates and information return to campus faq's vaccine information welcome to the isc share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
