https://www.apple.com/ipad/
ipad - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel ipad pro ipad air new ipad ipad mini compare apple pencil keyboards airpods accessories ipados shop ipad ipad new ipad air light. bright. full of might. buy learn more ipad pro the ultimate ipad experience. buy learn more ipad delightfully capable. surprisingly affordable. buy learn more ipad mini mega power. mini sized. buy learn more which ipad is right for you? ipad pro the ultimate ipad experience. buy learn more view in ar 12.9? and 11? 12.9? liquid retina xdr display1 11? liquid retina display1 m1 chip 12mp wide and 10mp ultra wide back cameras 12mp truedepth front camera with center stage usb-c connector with support for thunderbolt / usb 4 5g cellular2 works with apple pencil (2nd generation) works with magic keyboard and smart keyboard folio new ipad air powerful. colorful. wonderful. buy learn more view in ar 10.9? liquid retina display1 m1 chip 12mp wide back camera 12mp ultra wide front camera with center stage usb-c connector 5g cellular2 works with apple pencil (2nd generation) works with magic keyboard and smart keyboard folio ipad delightfully capable. surprisingly affordable. buy learn more view in ar 10.2? retina display a13 bionic chip 8mp wide back camera 12mp ultra wide front camera with center stage lightning connector 4g lte cellular2 works with apple pencil (1st generation) works with smart keyboard ipad mini mega power. mini sized. buy learn more view in ar 8.3? liquid retina display1 a15 bionic chip 12mp wide back camera 12mp ultra wide front camera with center stage usb-c connector 5g cellular2 works with apple pencil (2nd generation) works with bluetooth keyboards compare all ipad models shop ipad get 3% daily cash back with apple card. and pay over time, interest?free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more trade in your current ipad and get credit toward a new one. with apple trade in, just give us your eligible ipad and get credit for a new one. it?s good for you and the planet.** learn more fast, free delivery choose free delivery or pick up available items at an apple store. learn more pay monthly at 0% apr you can pay over time when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more personalize it engrave your ipad with your name or a personal note ? free. only at apple. learn more ipad essentials apple pencil dream it up. jot it down. shop learn more keyboards for ipad keyboards that have you covered. shop learn more accessories explore cases, covers, keyboards, apple pencil, airpods, and more. shop ipad accessories what makes an ipad an ipad? why ipad yes, it does that. and then some. learn more ipados 15 work wonders. with ease. learn more of what?s new in ipados 15 icloud the best place for all your photos, files, and more. learn more apple pay the safer way to make secure, contactless purchases in stores and online. learn more get more out of your ipad today at apple virtual sessions learn the basics of using ipad live with apple creatives. sign up apple one bundle up to six apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free3 learn more apple tv plus get 3 months of apple tv+ free when you buy an ipad. try it free4 learn moreabout apple tv plus apple music over 90 million songs. start listening for free today. try it free5 learn more apple fitness plus the first fitness service powered by apple watch. try it free5 learn more apple arcade get 3 months of apple arcade free when you buy an ipad. try it free6 learn moreabout apple arcade upgrade to start your free trial. get the latest ios get the latest ipados get the latest tvos get the latest macos apple news plus hundreds of magazines and leading newspapers. one subscription. try it free7 learn moreabout apple news plus apple gift card for everything and everyone. learn moreabout apple gift card buy apple and education empowering educators and students to move the world forward. learn more apple at work learn more update to the latest version of ios or macos to start your apple news+ free trial. get the latest ios get the latest macos apple footer * apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. if you choose the pay-in-full or one-time-payment option for an acmi eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card?s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, sprint, verizon, or t-mobile. ** trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple?s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. the displays have rounded corners. when measured diagonally as a rectangle, the ipad pro 12.9?inch screen is 12.9 inches, the ipad pro 11?inch screen is 11 inches, the ipad air screen is 10.86 inches, and the ipad mini screen is 8.3 inches. actual viewable area is less. data plan required. 5g and 4g lte are available in select markets and through select carriers. for details on 5g and lte support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ipad/cellular. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $4.99/month after free trial. one subscription per family sharing group. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $9.99/month after free trial. no commitment. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. $4.99/month after free trial. one subscription per family sharing group. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. no commitment. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. ? apple ipad shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home ipod touch airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
