https://www.apple.com/iphone/
iphone - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel iphone 13 pro new iphone 13 pro new iphone 13 new iphone 13 new iphone se new iphone 12 iphone 11 compare airpods airtag accessories apple card ios 15 shop iphone iphone iphone 13 pro oh. so. pro. 1 buy learn more learn more take it for a spin. new alpine green silver gold graphite sierra blue view iphone 13 pro in ar iphone 13 your new superpower. 1 buy learn more learn more take it for a spin. new green pink blue midnight starlight (product)red view iphone 13 in ar new iphone se love the power. love the price. 1 buy learn more take it for a spin. midnight starlight (product)red view iphone se in ar a guided tour of iphone 13 & iphone 13 pro watch the film which iphone is right for you? new iphone 13 pro the ultimate iphone. buy learn more learn more view in ar 6.7? or 6.1? all-screen oled display2 with promotion pro camera system telephoto, wide, ultra wide a15 bionic chip 5?core gpu superfast 5g cellular3 up to 28 hours video playback4 face id new iphone 13 a total powerhouse. ** buy learn more learn more view in ar 6.1? or 5.4? all-screen oled display2 advanced dual?camera system wide, ultra wide a15 bionic chip 4?core gpu superfast 5g cellular3 up to 19 hours video playback4 face id new iphone se serious power. serious value. buy learn more learn more view in ar 4.7? lcd display single-camera system wide a15 bionic chip 4?core gpu 5g cellular3 up to 15 hours video playback4 touch id iphone 12 as amazing as ever. ** buy learn more learn more view in ar 6.1? or 5.4? all-screen oled display2 dual?camera system wide, ultra wide a14 bionic chip superfast 5g cellular3 up to 17 hours video playback4 face id compare all iphone models shop iphone ways to buy iphone special carrier deals at apple save up to $800 on iphone 13 and iphone 13 pro after trade?in.5 at&t save up to $800 t-mobile/sprint, now part of t-mobile get $400 ? $850 in creditget $400 to $850 in credit verizon save up to $440 find your deal our specialists can help you shop ? online or in store. connect with an iphone specialist trade in your smartphone for credit. with apple trade in, you can get credit toward a new iphone when you trade in an eligible smartphone.6 it?s good for you and the planet. learn more get 3% daily cash back with apple card. and pay for your new iphone over 24 months, interest?free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more why apple is the best place to buy iphone. you can choose a payment option that works for you, pay less with a trade?in, connect your new iphone to your carrier, and get set up quickly. you can also chat with a specialist anytime. learn more featured accessories magsafe snap on a magnetic case, wallet, or both. and get faster wireless charging. shop magsafe accessories airtag attach one to your keys. put another in your backpack. if they?re misplaced, just use the find my app. buy learn more airpods explore all airpods models and find the best ones for you. learn more shop all iphone accessories free next?day delivery on any in?stock iphone ordered by 5:00 p.m. or pick up available items at an apple store. learn more pay monthly at 0% apr you can pay over time when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more get help buying have a question? call a specialist or chat online. call 1?800?my?apple. learn more what makes an iphone an iphone? ios 15 in touch. in the moment. learn moreabout ios 15 ios 15 in touch. in the moment. learn moreabout ios 15 switching to iphone is super simple. learn more privacy what you share should be up to you. learn more get more out of your iphone. today at apple virtual sessions learn the basics of using iphone live with apple creatives. sign up apple one bundle up to six apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free7 learn more apple tv plus get 3 months of apple tv+ free when you buy an iphone.8 try it free learn moreabout apple tv plus apple music over 90 million songs. start listening for free today. try it free9 learn more apple news plus hundreds of magazines and leading newspapers. one subscription. try it free10 learn more apple arcade get 3 months of apple arcade free when you buy an iphone. try it free11 learn more fitness+ the first fitness service powered by apple watch. try it free9 learn more apple gift card for everything and everyone. learn moreabout apple gift card buy introducing the apple research app. the future of health research is you. learn more update to the latest version of ios or macos to start your apple news+ free trial. get the latest ios get the latest macos upgrade to start your free trial. get the latest ios get the latest ipados get the latest macos get the latest tvos apple footer * apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see https://support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. if you choose the pay?in?full or one?time?payment option for an acmi?eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card?s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, sprint, verizon, or t?mobile. ** price includes a $30 at&t, t-mobile, sprint, or verizon discount. requires activation with carrier. available to qualified customers and requires 24?month installment loan when you select citizens one or apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple. iphone activation required with at&t, t?mobile, sprint, or verizon for purchases made with acmi at an apple store. subject to credit approval and credit limit. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card?s variable apr. additional apple card monthly installments terms are in the customer agreement. additional iphone payments terms are here. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month?s payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. the display has rounded corners that follow a beautiful curved design, and these corners are within a standard rectangle. when measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screen is 5.42 inches (iphone 13 mini), 6.06 inches (iphone 13, iphone 13 pro), 6.68 inches (iphone 13 pro max), 5.42 inches (iphone 12 mini), or 6.06 inches (iphone 12, iphone 11) diagonally. actual viewable area is less. data plan required. 5g and lte are available in select markets and through select carriers. speeds vary by site conditions and carrier. for details on 5g and lte support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/iphone/cellular. all battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. see apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. at&t special deal: offer pricing will reflect application of at&t trade?in credit applied over 36 months after trade?in of eligible smartphone. requires upgrade of an existing line or activation of a new line and purchase of a new iphone 13 mini, iphone 13, iphone 13 pro, or iphone 13 pro max on qualifying 36?month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. at&t installment plan with next up is not eligible for this promotion. $0 down for well?qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible unlimited plan. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $30. trade?in device may not be on existing installment plan. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36?month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch?up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited?time offer; subject to change. limits: one trade?in per qualifying purchase and one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 at&t instant discount. activation required. t?mobile/sprint special deal: t?mobile/sprint trade?in credit in the form of a rebate with virtual prepaid card when you trade in a qualifying device. limited?time offer; subject to change. requires activation on any t?mobile/sprint data plan and submission of a promo code at promotions.t-mobile.com. $200 rebate via virtual prepaid mastercard? card, which you can use online or in?store via accepted mobile payment apps;?no cash access & expires in 6 months from issuance. card is issued by sunrise banks n.a., member fdic, pursuant to a license from mastercard international incorporated. mastercard is a registered trademark of mastercard international incorporated. use of this card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the cardholder agreement. lines must be active and in good standing when card is issued. allow up to 2 billing cycles after fulfillment of offer requirements. max 4 per account offer/discounted devices/account. may not be combined with some offers or discounts. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires trade?in of an iphone xr or newer in good condition. must be at least 18 to trade in. apple or its trade?in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade?in transaction for any reason. in?store trade?in requires presentation of a valid, government?issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in?store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. additional terms from apple, t?mobile/sprint, and apple?s trade?in partners may apply. verizon special deal: offer pricing will reflect application of verizon?s trade?in credit up to $440 (iphone 13, iphone 13 pro, and iphone 13 pro max) or $412 (iphone 13 mini) after trade?in of eligible smartphone. savings comprised of (i) apple instant trade?in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 24 months (iphone 13 mini and iphone 13) or 30 months (iphone 13 pro and iphone 13 pro max). customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 24 months (iphone 13 mini and iphone 13) or 30 months (iphone 13 pro and iphone 13 pro max) to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1?2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you?ll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month?s credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 13 mini, iphone 13, iphone 13 pro, or iphone 13 pro max with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 24 months (iphone 13 mini and iphone 13) or 30 months (iphone 13 pro and iphone 13 pro max), subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade?in of eligible device in an eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade in. apple or its trade?in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade?in transaction for any reason. in?store trade?in requires presentation of a valid, government?issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in?store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited?time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple?s trade?in partners may apply. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 verizon instant discount. activation required. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple?s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $4.99/month after free trial. one subscription per family sharing group. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $9.99/month after free trial. no commitment. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. no commitment. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. $4.99/month after free trial. one subscription per family sharing group. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until canceled. restrictions and other terms apply. text contained in the billie eilish, the englishman at the moulin rouge, lavender, golden retriever and muscari wikipedia entries is available under the creative commons attribution-sharealike license at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0. wikipedia? is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation, inc., a nonprofit organization. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877?255?5923 with questions about apple card. ? apple iphone shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home ipod touch airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
