https://www.flickr.com/jobs
jobs | flickr new icn message flickr-free-ic 3d pan white explore recent photos trending events the commons flickr galleries world map camera finder flickr blog prints prints & wall art photo books get pro upload log in sign up log in explore trending events the commons flickr galleries flickr blog prints & wall art photo books get pro about jobs blog developers guidelines help help forum privacy terms cookies english work at flickr this is work you will be proud of for the rest of your life. view openings working at flickr flickr lets people share their life in imagery and is the best place to discover amazing photos and videos on the web. it?s one of the most well-known brands on the internet and is visited by more than 60 million people every month. photo by psexypsychic we love engineers! flickr engineering is based on the principles of rapid development, continuous deployment, and individual responsibility. our small engineering team powers one of the largest photo-sharing platforms online. join us and make flickr bigger, better, and faster. flickr engineering team vision & guiding principles photo by peterwelch we?re a tight-knit team! everyone who joins the flickr team drives us forward. we are designers making accessible and beautiful products the world loves. we are a customer support team delivering the best 1-1 care in the business. we are photographers and creators, geeks and makers, friends and flickr fam. photo by pratikpatelcs flickr is big flickr processes millions of photos and videos every day, with billions of photos already online. we serve billions of pageviews and more than 7 billion api requests monthly for more than 100 million registered photographers. photo by pratikpatelcs benefits as part of smugmug, inc., flickr provides market-leading employment benefits, including generous hsa and retirement contributions. our people team will care for you from the initial hiring process through to your career development within an organization dedicated to growing together. photo by pratikpatelcs location we are located in one of the most beautiful places in the world: san francisco. our office is in a former submarine base near the bay bridge, a short walk from market street, union square, sfmoma, and soma. photo by leticiaroncero life at flickr flickr is quite possibly the most quirky and delightful place you?ll ever work. we welcome creativity, dedication, humor, diversity, and the desire to transform how the world shares photography online. join us! photo by pratikpatelcs current openings join our team! want to apply but don't see a position? san francisco, ca or remote* view about jobs blog developers guidelines privacy terms help report abuse help forum english smugmug+flickr. privacy terms cookies smugmug+flickr. connecting people through photography. about jobs blog developers guidelines report abuse privacy terms help forum english privacy terms cookies help smugmug+flickr. connecting people through photography.
