https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/KB/?CategoryID=2314
knowledge base - it training
 updating... skip to main content filter your search by category. current category: all all knowledge base service catalog questions search sign in show applications menu client portal sign in search home | help | services knowledge base questions more applications skip to knowledge base content search articles knowledge base teaching and learning it training ? it training i.t. training options articles (4) how can i access training materials on linkedin learning? (formally lynda.com) only those departments who have purchased licenses for their faculty, staff or students have access to linkedin learning. how to reserve ucc classroom? at the university computer centre, there is a computing classroom facility which is available for use by faculty and staff for training purposes. seating capacity allows for a maximum of 23 users due to fire regulations. the classroom has 17 windows 10 pcs (including the instructor?s pc), with 19? flat panel lcd monitors, various general productivity and other licensed software and an overhead projector. what is linkedin learning? what is linkedin learning? (formally lynda.com) what training options are available for ms onedrive? learn how to use onedrive to share files with others by watching instructional videos on microsoft's web site search additional resources popular articles what do i do if i forgot my uwin account password? login pages for university systems and apps. how do i remove a shared mailbox from outlook? what is the difference between a group and distribution list in office 365? how can i see who is in a group or mailing list before i send an e-mail message in outlook? view all popular articles recent articles setting up your new university-owned macos workstation what is goprint and where can i use it? printing to goprint from a web browser (cloud printing) enrolling macos workstation in intune using the company portal app what is the maximum size for an e-mail message with attachments? view all recent articles popular tags blackboard (59) outlook (42) ms-office365 (36) onedrive (24) uwinsite-finance (22) mac (21) expenses (18) e-mail (15) ms-teams (15) blackboard-known-issues (14) view all tags powered by teamdynamix | site map
