https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/KB/?CategoryID=9151
knowledge base - uwinsite finance
 updating... skip to main content filter your search by category. current category: all all knowledge base service catalog questions search sign in show applications menu client portal sign in search home | help | services knowledge base questions more applications skip to knowledge base content search articles knowledge base uwinsite uwinsite finance ? uwinsite finance uwinsite finance is a new financial information system, that replaced the legacy jd edwards fis. categories (9) ? uwinsite access and security articles on uwinsite finance. anyone on campus who used the legacy fis (jd edwards), as well as any campus members who travel, procure goods, or approve either activity will need access to use uwinsite finance. ? general ledger and chart of accounts the general ledger (gl) holds the main records of the university and is at the centre of uwinsite finance. all transactions flow through the various modules to arrive at the gl. ? accounts payable issuing payment to suppliers for goods and services. ? accounts receivable and billing issuing invoices and processing deposits. ? expenses online travel and expense claim submission tool. ? planning and budgeting the budgeting and forecasting tool included in uwinsite finance. ? projects - research and capital project management for research, capital and maintenance projects. ? reporting obtaining and understanding reports issued by uwinsite finance. ? self-service procurement & purchasing online purchase requisition and ordering tool. articles (5) exported invoice from alma - prepaid uwinsite finance training there is a number of upcoming training opportunities that are open to all faculty and staff. please note that staff members are required to obtain approval from their supervisor prior to registration. registration is required to attend any of those sessions. uwinsite finance faq: technical frequently asked questions on technology-related topics, such as supported platforms, credentials, technical support, etc. uwinsite finance faq: data governance frequently asked questions related to the governance of data stored in the uwinsite finance cloud-based system. uwinsite finance faq: paperless processing and electronic workflow frequently asked questions related to process automation. search additional resources popular articles what do i do if i forgot my uwin account password? login pages for university systems and apps. how do i remove a shared mailbox from outlook? what is the difference between a group and distribution list in office 365? how can i see who is in a group or mailing list before i send an e-mail message in outlook? view all popular articles recent articles setting up your new university-owned macos workstation what is goprint and where can i use it? printing to goprint from a web browser (cloud printing) enrolling macos workstation in intune using the company portal app what is the maximum size for an e-mail message with attachments? view all recent articles popular tags blackboard (59) outlook (42) ms-office365 (36) onedrive (24) uwinsite-finance (22) mac (21) expenses (18) e-mail (15) ms-teams (15) blackboard-known-issues (14) view all tags powered by teamdynamix | site map
