https://apps.apple.com/us/app/lambtonsafe/id1240252381
?lambtonsafe on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview lambtonsafe 4+ lambton college safety app lambton college designed for ipad free screenshots ipad iphone description lambtonsafe is an essential tool to enhance your safety at lambton college. the app will send you important safety alerts and provide instant access to campus safety resources. lambtonsafe is the official mobile safety app of the lambton college. lambtonsafe benefits include: - safety notifications: receive instant notifications and instructions from campus safety when on-campus emergencies occur. - emergency help: contact campus safety staff quickly for help in an emergency. - campus safety resources: access all important lambton college safety resources in one convenient app. thousands of students, faculty, and staff at the lambton college are already using lambtonsafe. download today and ensure that you're prepared in the event of an emergency. what?s new aug 21, 2018 version 1.1 this app has been updated by apple to display the apple watch app icon. performance improvements and new graphics. app privacy the developer, lambton college, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to apple. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. no details provided the developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update. information seller lambton college of applied arts & technology, the size 9.9 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 8.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 8.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 8.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english age rating 4+ location this app may use your location even when it isn?t open, which can decrease battery life. copyright ? 2018 lambton college of applied arts & technology, the price free app support privacy policy app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. you might also like ontario m1 test - practice test, mock exams with detailed explanatios education weemarkable education safe lancer education schoolbusinfo - bus status education ontario security practice quiz education emond reader education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
