https://apps.apple.com/us/app/lancer-athletics-recreation/id1478664719
?lancer athletics & recreation on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview lancer athletics & recreation 4+ innosoft canada inc. designed for iphone free iphone screenshots description this is the official app for the department of athletics and recreation at the university of windsor. golanrec will keep you up to date with all the latest news and announcements for all things athletics and recreation. register for memberships, fitness classes, check out varsity game schedules, get updated open recreation times, browse facility rentals and receive notifications of closures, cancellations and more! golanrec takes our mission mobile, helping us to provide a wide variety of professional programs and physical activities that promote and enhance community, learning, leadership, lifelong wellness and academic success. new feautres: hours of operation, special events calendar, varsity game schedules and a favorites list for personalized interest and notifications. check facility availability before you leave home! offerings: easily find information and links to intramural sports, fitness classes, aquatics programs, wellness and student employment opportunities. never miss out again! notifications: stay up to date on what?s happening at the st. denis centre with instant updates and push notifications. what?s new sep 4, 2021 version 5.23.0 bug fixes app privacy the developer, innosoft canada inc., indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. data not collected the developer does not collect any data from this app. privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller innosoft canada inc. size 17.4 mb category health & fitness compatibility iphone requires ios 11.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 11.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english age rating 4+ copyright ? 2020 innosoft canada inc. price free developer website app support privacy policy developer website app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer rurec2go health & fitness urec arkansas health & fitness titan rec health & fitness purdue recwell health & fitness ucf rec & wellness center health & fitness university of iowa rec serv health & fitness you might also like mycap medical method fitness health & fitness mcgill campus rec health & fitness absolutely fitness health & fitness kersey kickbox fitness club health & fitness med labs of windsor medical more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
