http://www.leaguelineup.com/welcome.asp?url=lancerfastpitch&path=fpc
lancers fastball team - (windsor, on)  - powered by leaguelineup.com for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript. our services free web sites free online registration payment processing leaguelineup pro & elite domain names background checks local sports find a web site tournaments team tryouts sports photographers fundraisers leaguelineup elite custom fan shop create your own site close panel welcome to the home of the lancers fastball team login myleaguelineup administration login myleaguelineup administration ?f welcome about bulletin board photo albums contact info sponsors teams & rosters divisions/leagues teams/rosters schedules schedules calendar tournaments directions forms online forms more search pages archived lancer news login myleaguelineup administration complete the online lancer fastpitch registration form for the fall of 2022 now.............. welcome subscribe to our newsletter the 2021 windsor lancers head coach paul scott game day time to hit the bats! coach miranda coach justin coach dapper don hunt coach ryan bradd coach jeff colombe coach old bear (dan russell) news lancers fastball home of the blue and gold lady lancer fastball team lancers fastball is a university of windsor competitive-rep team. we compete among 13 ontario universities in the ontario intercollegiate women?s fastpitch association please check us out and follow us at the following link; https://twitter.com/lancerfastpitch windsor lancer fastpitch - posts (facebook.com) lansersfastpitch (instagram page) if you have any questions about the team or are interested in trying out, please contact: paul scott, head coach - pscott@uwindsor.ca latest news.........................................check back regularly for updates......... your 2021 windsor lancers fastpitch team; the 2021 oiwfa lancer fastpitch all-stars; ms megan lozinski & ms jill holland-penney your 2021 lancer co-captains; ms leslee ward & ms jill holland-penney your 2021 associate captains; ms megan lozinski & ms mckay colombe & ms cylee hickey game day photos dingger celly! school will always come first! 2019-2020 winners of the moriarty academic team of the year windsor university!! blue & gold lancer fastpitch captain amanda simke wins the prestigious mickey renaud captain/leadership award at the 2018 wespys register online lancers recruit and returning player form powered by lancers fastball team visitor counter: 0 5 0 8 7 9 minutemedia ? lancer registration form complete the lancer registration form now for the fall of 2022-2023 all lancer prospects (new and returning vets) must complete the lancer registration form prior to tryouts. head coach paul scott close
