https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/437/news
latest news | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news video gallery archive available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news video gallery archive available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus latest news latest news return to campus life and community e-newsletter if you do not already receive the return to campus newsletter or bulletin via your uwin acct, click here to subscribe. view current e-newsletter march 31, 2022 update march 31, 2022 - return to campus update: a message from president gordon and provost weir we are pleased to share with you today important information about our covid-19 policies moving forward into the intersession, summer and fall semesters (after april 30, 2022). we appreciate the patience demonstrated by our entire university of windsor community as our return to campus action group, office of health & safety and executive leadership teams conferred with our stakeholder groups, sector partners and local public health officials. click here to read more. update march 30, 2022 - health & safety bulletin: changes to isolation requirements based on current federal, provincial and local trends, the university of windsor is aligning with public health directives for positive and/or presumed cases and close contacts. effective monday, april 4, 2022, the university of windsor will move to the provincial standard of five-day isolation for positive and/or presumed covid-19 cases and certain close contacts as outlined in provincial guidance. click here to read more. update march 17, 2022 - return to campus update: covid-19 policy & protocol review the university of windsor is currently reviewing all covid-19 policies and protocols to ensure alignment with public health guidance at the federal, provincial and local level. the return to campus action group, executive leadership team and office of health & safety are undergoing an extensive analysis (as they have throughout the pandemic) and will provide updated guidance in the coming weeks in advance of the summer and fall semesters. as always, the institution will prioritize the health and safety of the uwindsor community. click here to read more. update march 10, 2022 - return to campus update the university of windsor reminds students, faculty and staff that the institution?s covid-19 vaccination and mandatory mask policies will remain in effect for the entirety of the winter 2022 semester. this is in accordance with recommendations by the council of ontario universities and the windsor-essex county health unit (wechu) and will also serve to minimize uncertainty and disruption. click here to read more. update march 3, 2022 - return to campus update: capacity limits dear uwindsor community, throughout the entire covid-19 pandemic, the university of windsor and the office of health & safety have been guided by federal, provincial and local public health officials in supporting the health and safety of the uwindsor community. the policies and procedures that were developed and enacted have involved a multi-layered approach to keeping our campus community safe. click here to read more. update february 15, 2022 - ontario reopening plan update as announced yesterday by the government of ontario, public health indicators continue to improve. in the coming weeks, public health measures will be eased with the removal of capacity limits in all indoor public settings by march 1, 2022. on this date, ontario will also lift proof of vaccination requirements, however businesses and institutions may continue to require proof of vaccination. click here to read more. update february 4, 2022 - building access reminder campus buildings where classes and labs take place are generally unlocked monday to friday from 8:00 a.m. until 5:00 p.m. click here to read more. update january 28, 2022 - welcome back to campus monday, january 31 will mark the return to in-person work, learning and on-campus activities. with a greater on-campus presence, the vibrance and energy of our campus will return in ways that have been longed for community-wide over the last 20 months. it's important to remember that monday's return to campus is likely an all new experience for many students, faculty and staff. let's make kindness and patience a priority as we learn and work together while supporting a safe return. click here to read more. update january 27, 2022 - return to campus begins monday as we prepare for a return to in-person work, learning and on-campus activities, we ask that you please review the following that outlines some of the university's robust health and safety guidelines, policies and procedures. while the semester is already underway, monday will mark the return of the largest number of students, faculty and staff on-campus since march 2020. click here to read more. update january 26, 2022 - reminders and protocols update: faculty & staff reporting an illness and related absence is critical to ensuring campus operations run smoothly while presented with the serious challenge of the covid-19 omicron variant. employees are reminded that supervisors must be notified of illness and absence even if working remotely. this includes isolation directives based on being a close contact of another individual. click here to read more. update january 20, 2022 - return to campus life and community e-newsletter (weekly update) the return to campus website is a central information resource designed for the entire uwindsor community. sub-sections for students, faculty, staff and research, along with information for campus visitors, have been designed to support the uwindsor community while learning and working remotely, and in support of return to campus efforts. click here to read more. update january 17, 2022 - return to campus learning and work: monday, january 31 dear uwindsor community members of the uwindsor community have asked for greater clarity regarding plans to return to campus, and we acknowledge how important it is to provide as clear a sense as we can about how the rest of the semester will unfold. over the past weeks, we have consulted with local and provincial health officials, members of the campus community and colleagues at other post-secondary institutions. our collective goals are to keep our communities and our universities safe, while maintaining and supporting the research, knowledge creation and learning goals of everyone who is part of our campus. click here to read more. update january 13, 2022 - winter 2022 semester commences monday the university of windsor is excited to welcome students and faculty to begin the winter 2022 term on monday with a virtual start. we acknowledge that our students and faculty in education and nursing began their semesters on january 3 in order to accommodate practicum and clinical rotations. as communicated on december 17, we are committed to delivering a two week notice prior to the reopening of campus. accordingly, notification regarding an update for the planned reopening of campus will be provided no later than monday, january 17. the decision to return will be made in consultation with local and provincial health authorities. click here to read more. update january 11, 2022 - vaccination policy updates due to the delayed start of the winter 2022 semester, returning students whose vaccination status may have changed are required to complete the attestation of their covid-19 vaccination status by no later than january 31, 2022. click here to read more. update january 4, 2022 - health & safety update: ontario moving to modified step 2 as announced by the government of ontario on monday, the province is moving to a ?modified step 2 of the roadmap to reopen? effective 12:01 am january 5, 2022 for at least 21 days. in keeping with this directive, the university of windsor mandates that employees who are able to work remotely from home are required to do so. click here to read more. rtc video gallery click here to access the return to campus video gallery. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
