https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2022-04-04/law-profs-named-editors-chief-professional-journal
law profs named editors-in-chief of professional journal | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews windsor law professors christopher waters and wissam aoun have taken on the role of editors-in-chief of the canadian bar review. law profs named editors-in-chief of professional journal apr 5th, 2022 since 2015, windsor law has hosted the editorial offices of the canadian bar review (cbr). the cbr was founded in 1923 and is the bilingual peer-reviewed legal journal of the canadian bar association, where theory and practice meet. its mission is to serve the legal profession, the bench, the bar, and the academy by publishing the highest quality legal scholarship that will shape discussion on the most relevant legal issues of our time. recently, the canadian bar association and windsor law agreed to partner for another five-year term, with professors christopher waters and wissam aoun acting as the journal?s editors-in-chief. ?this journal is nearly 100 years old, but it is open access and tackles the major legal issues of our day,? said dr. waters, an expert in public international law who joined the faculty in 2007. ?it was a pleasure to co-edit the review with prof. david tanovich for the first five years; in particular david brought a keen eye to issues of ethics and professionalism. i?m now looking forward to working with my colleague, prof. wissam aoun, as we co-edit the review for the next five years.? having joined the faculty of law in 2019 as an expert in intellectual property law, prof. aoun said he is excited for the opportunity to contribute to the prestigious journal. ?i am truly delighted and humbled to join professor waters as co-editor,? he adds. ?the cbr has a long history as one of canada?s leading law journals, and to have the opportunity to participate in windsor law?s lead in editing this journal is such a tremendous honour.? christopher waters wissam aoun david tanovich strategic priority: pursue strengths in research and graduate education academic area: law research share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
