https://future.uwindsor.ca/law?elqTrackId=359f74f15b974ed2b8f2c437fa95ee3d&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> law - undergraduate & graduate programs - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students law stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close program highlights & admission requirements for more than 50 years, windsor law has put people and their experiences at the centre of legal education through our teaching, research, advocacy and service. we use law as an adaptive tool for social change and offer a comprehensive and rigorous legal education. our focus on access to justice and transnational law shapes our programs, which provide a broad legal education and unique opportunities to learn practical justice skills in a supportive environment that nurtures lifelong relationships. at windsor law, our greatest asset is our people who are committed to helping you explore and achieve your dreams. our professors are engaged in important research about current and significant legal and social issues. our staff is dedicated to the betterment of the student experience and our students work together to form a vibrant intellectual and social community. your personal and professional success is our priority. windsor law sits on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy, which is comprised of the ojibway, the odawa, and the potawatomi. we are committed to ensuring indigenous legal traditions and perspectives are fully acknowledged and respected in our teaching, research and community engagement. juris doctor (jd) our three-year jd program provides the theoretical framework and experiential learning opportunities to effectively and successfully practise law in canada. students have the opportunity to customize their program to fit their individual interests. canadian & american dual jd the canadian & american dual jd program offers a unique curriculum for students to earn a law degree in both canada and the united states in just three years. this integrated program is a collaboration between windsor law and the university of detroit mercy school of law. learn more about the canadian & american dual jd here juris doctor/master of social work the integrated jd/msw program offers students an opportunity to earn both a law degree and a social work degree through a condensed, four-year curriculum. this program promotes the integration of law and social work through an interdisciplinary commitment to social justice. juris doctor/master of business administration the integrated jd/mba program offers two powerful degrees through a condensed, four-year curriculum. this program promotes the integration of law and business through an interdisciplinary curriculum offered by windsor law and the odette school of business. master of laws (llm) the llm program is geared towards individuals with law degrees looking to further specialize in almost any area of law. students may choose from two streams: a one-year, research-based llm degree or a two-year llm degree with a certificate in university teaching and learning. admission requirements admissions policy: no one single factor is solely determinative of admission to the law school. the admissions committee assesses applications in light of the criteria set out below and the chief source of information about applicants is that which is provided by them in their personal profile. applicants should take care to present a full and rounded view of themselves in their personal profile. the admissions criteria and procedures for the current entering class are set out below. objective: the objective of the admissions policy is to select students who will excel in the study of law and who have the potential to contribute creatively and meaningfully to the law school and the community. criteria: the majority of applicants are considered by the admissions committee in the framework of the following criteria: university program: this category comprises undergraduate average and academic performance trends in light of relevant considerations; awards and prizes; the nature and content of the program taken; the level of any degree(s) or diplomas obtained. work experience: part-time, summer and full-time work experience is analyzed for signs of organizational and administrative skills as well as initiative. vocational, professional or other special qualifications will be considered. community involvement: contribution to the community (city/town; university; religious; etc.) will be assessed for indications of commitment to the community. factors examined include the nature of the applicant?s participation in service clubs, community service organizations, religious, athletic, and social organizations. personal accomplishments: factors can include extracurricular activities, hobbies and special accomplishments; artistic and athletic accomplishments; communication skills and languages spoken. career objectives: the applicant?s career objectives, including how and where the legal education will be employed, are considered. personal considerations: personal factors affecting the applicant are recognized in this section. any personalfactors such as illness, bereavement, unusual family responsibilities or other such circumstances which may have some bearing on the applicant?s qualifications will be noted. law school admission test scores: all applicants must write the law school admission test (lsat). admission deadlines november 1: first-year entry april 15: dual jd entry may 1: upper-year entry apply now stay connected apply now get a faculty of law viewbook sent straight to your inbox learn about faculty highlights, programs and student stories. get yours now connect with law visit department page stay connected follow this department on: clinical & experiential learning windsor law has many work-integrated, placement based, clinical and experiential learning opportunities for students. our programs place students in many work and volunteer environments where they can learn more about law-in-action. opportunities include: community legal aid legal assistance of windsor judicial internships social justice fellowships national self-represented litigants project pro bono students canada transnational environmental law and policy clinic transnational law & justice internships northwest territories clerkship windsor review of legal & social issues read more 25+ indigenous events per year 40+ faculty-led events per year 50+ student-led events per year 7000+ alumni worldwide student development programs academic success program: law students come from a variety of academic disciplines. the academic success program assists first-year students in transitioning to law studies. sessions address anything from learning strategies to case analysis, briefing, and prepping for exams. tutorials provide further support for students beyond the classroom. peer mentorship program: at windsor law, you will always have someone to turn to for advice and support. upper-year students are matched with first-year students to help them transition to law school. job shadowing program: imagine your career through the lens of a successful windsor law alum. shadow a private practice lawyer on bay street, a government lawyer, a politician, a leader in business or industry, or a director of an ngo. wherever you?re going, we?ve got a mentor for you. indigenous legal studies program: in addition to our mandatory indigenous legal orders course, windsor law offers hands-on, experiential learning of the same kind by taking students, faculty and staff to local first nations communities. teachings are conducted outdoors to demonstrate first-hand how indigenous law is found in many different aspects of the living and natural world. 20+ externship opportunities & growing every year 30+ clinical placements & growing every year class of 2023 diversity survey windsor law is proud to be one of the most diverse law schools in canada. 51% speak a second language 39% male 60% female 1% gender non-conforming 54% racialized students 19% first in family to attend university 86% first in family to attend law school 25% first generation canadians indigenous legal studies program windsor law sits on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy comprised of the odawa, ojibway and potawatomi and has a strong commitment to enhancing indigenous voices and scholarships in the windsor community and within the legal profession. indigenous faculty of law members and non-indigenous allies within the faculty of law at the university of windsor have launched and continue an ongoing effort to act in response to the truth and reconciliation commission of canada. our mission is to educate ethical, justice-seeking lawyers through teaching, research, advocacy and service. our vision is to create an enriching school where thought and action inspire a community that is passionate about achieving a more just and equitable world. windsor law is building on a long-standing commitment to social justice that seeks fairness, equity and dignity, with particular focus on relationships with indigenous peoples. our mandatory indigenous legal orders course is taught by indigenous faculty members, knowledge keepers, elders, indigenous scholars and guest speakers. windsor law offers hands-on, experiential learning of indigenous legal orders by taking students, faculty and staff to local first nations. teachings are conducted in an outdoor setting to assist students in understanding how indigenous law is found in many different aspects of the living and natural world. students also have the opportunity to join the shkawbewisag student law society, a student group that organizes several activities throughout the year including indigenous panels, pow wows, round dances and walk-outs. michelle nahdee indigenous legal studies coordinator university of windsor faculty of law learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor and this program! learn more related programs program name 1 | program name 2 | program name 3 | program name 4 | program name 5 apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about law ? let's talk about law we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
