https://scholar.uwindsor.ca/leddyrqc/2015rqc
leddy library research question competition 2015 | leddy library research question competition
 home search browse collections my account about digital commons network? skip to main content university of windsor my account faq about home scholarship at uwindsor home > conferences > uwilldiscover > leddyrqc > leddy rqc 2015 the selections for the 2015 leddy research question competition have been made and can be read below! a big thank you to everyone who submitted this year. once again we had a lot of great questions and we encourage everyone to submit again next year. in addition - keep and eye out for this year's uwill discover conference for a chance to present your research at the university's campus wide event. we have our winners! congratulations to the winners in this years leddy research question competition and thank you again to everyone who participated and voted! most votes: do women who agree with society?s values of thinness and beauty report more appearance investment and higher body dissatisfaction? (tanja samardzic) randomly selected finalist: how will the stream of millions of refugees into europe in 2015 and 2016 contribute to the risk of pandemic in eurasia? (nathan p. doupnik) random voter: kelsey joncas schedule subscribe to rss feed are students who learn in an interdisciplinary way more likely to be able to tackle complex issues than students learning in one discipline? yasin avci, university of windsor do black holes exist permanently? shawn david smith, university of windsor do women who agree with society?s values of thinness and beauty report more appearance investment and higher body dissatisfaction? tanja samardzic, university of windsor does company specialization lead to sustainable competitive advantage or organizational inertia? jonas lee does the use of makeup reduce the frequency of viral infection transmitted by face-hand contact? melanie a. grondin, university of windsor how does being a bilingual child diagnosed with adhd affect reading comprehension when compared to being monolingual child diagnosed with adhd? jesse nicole baker, university of windsor how will the stream of millions of refugees into europe in 2015 and 2016 contribute to the risk of pandemic in eurasia? nathan p. doupnik is it acceptable for a government to enforce brutal actions on a developing nation (e.g., torture, etc.), if doing so leads the nation to become more highly developed? katrina anna hermle, university of windsor is it better to tell a white lie or the truth? claudia cheng, university of windsor is learning material by hearing it taught in a lecture really more beneficial than learning the same material from a textbook? amy basilious, university of windsor takaari kajita and arthur b mcdonald won the nobel prize for detecting that neutrinos have mass. is there still more new physics to be discovered beyond the standard model? aaron t. bondy, university of windsor to what extent does the scope of practice of staff influence the quality of patient care in the acute care setting? jessica anne marton what factors prompt students and faculty to engage in phatic communication? how is it conditioned? what tools can we use to compare interactions on campuses in canada and abroad? rachel stadder, university of windsor what is the effect of using maple syrup on human skin, for the purpose of all-natural hair removal? anahita hassanpour, harmoscent what was the original purpose of the education system? to educate? to provide daycare? or was it an attempt to create a cookie-cutter society fit for the working class? lisette anne lynn gagnon why does some content trend faster on social media than other content? why did ?gangnam style? create such buzz across all outlets of social media? kyle rodrigues cacilhas c will being a superhero really satisfy people? claudia cheng, university of windsor search enter search terms: select context to search: in this collection in this repository across all repositories advanced search notify me via email or rss browse collections disciplines disciplines authors electronic theses and dissertations author corner author faq how to submit about open access submit research question links uwill discover digital commons home | about | faq | my account | accessibility statement privacy copyright
