https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/borrowing/locate-physical-materials-leddy
locate physical materials in leddy | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library use the library borrowing locate physical materials in leddy use the library in this section borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account connect with your library locate physical materials in leddy page banner leddy library is home to over 1 million physical materials! this includes books, journals, atlases, maps, dvds and more. materials in our collection are organized by subject, using the library of congress classification system, and each item is given a unique call number from this system. library congress classification collection locations circulating collection (books) serials collection (journals) call number location call number location a-hc main building, 2nd floor a-hm west building, 3rd floor hd-qe main building, 3rd floor hn-q west building, 2nd floor qh-za main building, 4th floor qa-z west building, basement reference collection west building, basement curriculum resource centre (crc) collections west building, 1st floor documents collection main building, 2nd floor theses & major papers west building, basement media centre main building, basement microfilm reading room main building, basement indexes & abstracts west building, basement secondary circulation collection west building, basement archives and special collections main building, basement how to read call numbers call numbers serve two functions: they provide a unique ?address? for every item within the library. they group items by subject so that it is possible to browse the shelves around it to find other items nearby on the same or similar subject. what do these call numbers mean? let?s start with the call number in the example below: hq1233 .b25 1992 library leddy library title enterprising women : television fandom and the creation of popular myth author bacon-smith, camille publication date c1992 publisher university of pennsylvania press call number hq1233.b25 1992 available leddy: book collection (circulating) - main bldng hq - the first letter represents one of 21 major subdivisions of the library of congress classification system (lc). the second letter represents a subdivision of the major subdivision. in this example, the letter ?h? represents social sciences. the letter ?q? represents ?the family. marriage. women.? which is a subdivision of the social sciences. 1233 - the first set of numbers in a call number help to define a book?s subject. in this example, the number ?1233? represents ?women and feminism.? .b25 - the letter/number combination after the first period usually represents the author, or in some cases the title; this allows for items on the same topic to be shelved alphabetically. 1992 - the year of publication often appears at the end of the call number. how would i find it on the shelf? using the above example the first step is to find the hq section which be located after the hn's but before the hv's. use the location tables above to determine where the hq section is in the leddy library the next step is to find 1233 which would be located after 1229 but before the 1236. the last step is to find .b25 1992 which would be located after .b2 2001 but before .b6 1895. tips for understanding call numbers the first part of a call number begins with one, two or three capital letters which are filed alphabetically. the second part is a number which are filed numerically. the third (and sometimes fourth) part is a letter followed by numbers. the letter is read alphabetically and the numbers is always read as a decimal. often the last part is the year the material was published. read the call numbers from left to right. often call numbers can be quite long. do not be intimidated or overwhelmed! the best thing to do is to break the call number into smaller parts. if you can't find what you are looking for, please visit the circulation desk or the research help desk - we don't want you to leave empty-handed! connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
