https://www.uwindsor.ca/universityplayers/310/location-directions-and-parking
location, directions and parking | university players skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university players university players theatres welcome current season our company box office theatres theatre policies location, directions and parking past seasons media support up contact us welcome current season our company box office theatres theatre policies location, directions and parking past seasons media support up contact us uwindsor home university players theatres location, directions and parking location, directions and parking directions and parking essex hall is located on the campus of the university of windsor, near the corner of sunset ave. and wyandotte st. w. hatch studio theatre is located in the jackman dramatic art centre, immediately behind essex hall. parking continues to be free to university players patrons in the following parking lots: assumption hall lot (off huron church rd) music lot (across from the parking garage, enter off sunset) handicapped parking a limited number of handicapped parking spaces will be available by the handicapped access doors. a handicapped parking permit must be displayed. as the handicapped access doors are locked after business hours for security purposes, you must let the box office know that you will be requiring access through those doors and an usher will meet you. free parking in these assigned lots will be available to patrons 50 minutes prior to show time. if you have any questions please call 519-253-3000 ext. 2808. [map] sunday shuttle service! on sundays, when the performance is in essex hall theatre, a mini-van shuttle, driven by a touch of class limousine, will be available to pick up patrons from the east end of the assumption hall parking lot (the one off of huron church road). it will drive them to the foot of the essex hall front stairs. the shuttle service will start at 1;10 p.m. and continue until 1:50 p.m. after the performance, the shuttle will be available at the bottom of the essex hall stairs to drive patrons back to the assumption hall parking lot. if you require the sunday shuttle service: park in assumption hall parking lot, close to the east end. meet the shuttle by the shuttle sign. the first shuttle will start taking patrons at 1:10 p.m. the last shuttle will leave assumption hall parking lot at 1:50 p.m. after the performance, meet the shuttle at the bottom of the essex hall front stairs. shuttling back to the assumption hall parking lot will continue for 30 minutes after the show. there is no fee to you, the patron, for the shuttle. the shuttle service is not wheelchair accessible. if you require wheelchair access, please call the box office at 519-253-3000 ext. 2808 to inform them. with a handicapped sign, you will be able to park in the handicapped parking spots behind essex hall and an attendant will meet you at the entrance to let you in. please note that there are only 2 handicapped parking spots behind essex hall. share tweet save stay connected twitter feed tweets by upwindsor share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
