https://www.uwindsor.ca/continuingeducation/531/login-help-faq
login help & faq | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor in this section featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor login help & faq login help & faq login to your continuing education account here troubleshooting issues with your continuing education student account continuing education students are not issued academic student numbers. your uwin id is your main identifier, it will be used to log into your continuing education student account, as well as the blackboard site. your continuing education records are kept in a separate database from academic records. log on to your continuing education student account to check enrolment records, grades and to update your personal information. please contact continue@uwindsor.ca for all inquiries related to your continuing education offerings. 1. log on to your continuing education student account here. ? 2. use the drop-down box to login as a student 3. log in with your uwin id and password 4. if you forget your password, click on the ?forgot your password link? 5. from the top tool bar, click on ?student portal? > ?student home? blackboard log on to blackboard using google chrome as your browser: log in with your uwin id (if you cannot remember your uwinid, please message kdalbell@uwindsor.ca) use the password that was created when you activated your uwin id sign in to ?sign in with my uwin id? tab uwinid@uwindsor.ca if this tab does not work, please log in using your uwinid to the ?alternate sign-in method? tab (see screenshot below) how to access class resources (such as powerpoint slides) after logging into your account on blackboard, select courses on the top right side of the page from the list of courses, select your course, for example: ce-artv7102-1-2021w abstract painting find your course outline, schedule and materials from the tabs on the left-hand side. virtual classroom access (once you are logged into the blackboard class site) once you are in the class site you can enter the virtual classroom. from the left toolbar, click on the ?virtual classroom? link, and enter the course room important note: never click on ?join a session by phone? as you will be charged us long distance fees virtual classroom recorded classes most classes will be recorded to accommodate any technical difficulties that may occur. recorded virtual classroom meetings are available only within the course they were created. recordings cannot be downloaded or edited, and are retained for the duration of the offering. to find the pre-recorded class, follow the instructions below: log on to the blackboard and enter the course site click on the ?virtual classroom? tab from the left side menu click on the three lines on the left side of the black tool bar in the virtual class, this is the menu (see below) from the virtual class menu, click on ?recordings? then the ?watch now? link use your phone for audio if you have no speakers or mic, use your phone for audio while in the session if you have joined a collaborate session on a browser, you can choose to use your phone for audio. open the session menu and select use your phone for audio. call the number listed and enter the temporary personal identification number (pin). iphone users don't need to copy the pin as it's inputted for you. this temporary pin is associated with your personal account. it helps the session identify you. when you enter this pin, the audio from your phone is paired with your profile picture. this helps everyone keep track of who is speaking. don't share your personal pin with anyone. it only works for you and only in the current session. you are not able to use the pin in another session or share your pin with another user. personal pins stop working when the session ends. as long as you have the session open in your browser, you have access to all the session tools. your microphone changes to a phone. others see a phone icon by your name in the attendees panel. you aren't muted when you first call in. everybody can hear you immediately. turn your audio on and off in your browser by selecting the phone icon. with your keyboard, press alt + m to turn your phone audio on and off. you can still use the mute on your phone. just make sure the audio is turned on in your browser, if you want others to hear you. moderators can also mute attendees anytime during the session. you are notified, if a moderator has muted you. you can close your browser after you dial-in and still hear the session and talk. you aren't able to chat or share anything without the session open in a browser. blackboard app to access your course materials on the go, blackboard offers a mobile app which allows you to access your courses from anywhere with an internet connection. blackboard support for more support, visit the blackboard support for students page. this page is designed for the questions and topics that may be of interest to you as a student. if your topic isn?t listed, check the more on . . . links or faqs. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
