https://www.ouac.on.ca/apply/windsorugrad/intl/en_CA/user/login?elqTrackId=9f8fa19da00a4d97be26af8e166402b5&elqaid=697&elqat=2
log in to the ouac | ouac skip to content about the university academic programs research admissions student life giving international gateways for future students current students faculty and staff alumni university of windsor 2022 you are not logged in. log in. select programs you have been transferred to the ontario universities' application centre (ouac) website to complete your application. log in to the ouac log in with the username and password you created for your ouac account. do not use someone else's account. note: do not create more than 1 account. if you created an ouac account but do not remember your login information, click "recover your username". you need your username to reset your password. warning: your browser and/or device may not be supported. more information about our supported browsers and devices. required field ouac username recover your username password forgot your password? create account if this is your first time filling out an ontario university application, visit: create an ouac account. read the personal information practices set out in the ouac privacy statement. read covid-19 updates from the ouac and ontario’s universities. contact us university directory campus map faculty of arts, humanities & social sciences faculty of education faculty of engineering faculty of graduate studies faculty of human kinetics faculty of law faculty of nursing odette school of business faculty of science centre for inter-faculty programs centre for executive and professional education undergraduate: academic programs how to apply graduate: academic programs admissions scholarships and awards residence food services student support academic calendar virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking athletics & recreation services lancers varsity sports university players accessibility services events calendar office of the president leddy library alumni events & reunions media contact windsor lancers news & publications social media mobile app employment opportunities
