https://www.apple.com/mac/
mac - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel macbook air macbook pro imac 24? mac mini mac studio new mac pro comparemac models displays new accessoriesfor mac monterey shop mac mac new mac studio empower station. buy learn more new studio display a sight to be bold. buy learn more macbook pro supercharged for pros. buy learn more which mac is right for you? notebook desktop macbook air buy learn more view in ar apple m1 chip 8-core cpu up to 8-core gpu up to 16gb unified memory 2tb maximum configurable storage1 13.3? retina display2 up to 18 hours battery life3 720p facetime hd camera 2.8 lb. weight touch id macbook pro 13? buy learn more view in ar apple m1 chip 8-core cpu 8-core gpu up to 16gb unified memory 2tb maximum configurable storage1 13.3? retina display2 up to 20 hours battery life4 720p facetime hd camera 3.0 lb. weight touch bar and touch id macbook pro 14? and 16? buy learn more view in ar apple m1 pro chip or apple m1 max chip up to 10-core cpu up to 32-core gpu up to 64gb unified memory 8tb maximum configurable storage1 14.2? or 16.2? liquid retina xdr display2 up to 21 hours battery life5 1080p facetime hd camera 3.5 lb. or 4.7 lb. weight touch id imac 24? buy learn more view in ar apple m1 chip 8-core cpu up to 8-core gpu up to 16gb unified memory for increased performance and power efficiency 2tb maximum configurable storage1 4.5k retina display6 218 ppi 1080p facetime hd camera with the image signal processor of m1 for drastically improved performance configurable with magic keyboard with touch id and numeric keypad mac mini buy learn more view in ar apple m1 chip also available with intel core i5 or i7 processor 8-core cpu 8-core gpu7 up to 16gb unified memory8 for increased performance and power efficiency 2tb maximum configurable storage1 ?not available ?not available ?not available new mac studio buy learn more view in ar apple m1 max chip or apple m1 ultra chip up to 20-core cpu up to 64-core gpu up to 128gb unified memory for increased performance and power efficiency 8tb maximum configurable storage1 ?not available ?not available ?not available mac pro buy learn more view in ar intel xeon w processor up to 28-core cpu up to amd radeon pro w6800x duo gpu up to 1.5tb memory 8tb maximum configurable storage1 ?not available ?not available magic keyboard with numeric keypad compare all mac models shop mac get 3% daily cash back with apple card. and pay for your new mac over 12 months, interest?free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more accessories explore mac accessories. shop apple trade in get credit toward a new mac. just trade in your eligible computer for credit or recycle it for free. it?s good for you and the planet.9 find your trade?in value free delivery and free returns. see checkout for delivery dates. learn more about free delivery pay monthly at 0% apr you can pay over time when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more about monthly installments get help buying have a question? call a specialist or chat online. call 1?800-my?apple. contact us what makes a mac a mac? why mac incredible power. incredibly simple. learn more continuity all your devices. one seamless experience. learn moreabout your devices working together macos monterey high powered meets ?hi everyone.? update now learn more built-in apps powerful creativity and productivity tools live inside every mac ? apps that help you explore, connect, and work more efficiently. safari photos imovie garageband pages numbers keynote safari safari has innovative features that let you enjoy more of the web. in even more ways. built-in privacy features help protect your information and keep your mac secure. an updated start page helps you easily and quickly save, find, and share your favorite sites. and siri suggestions surface bookmarks, links from your reading list, icloud tabs, links you receive in messages, and more. learn more about safari photos keep your growing library organized and accessible. perfect your images and create beautiful gifts for sharing. and with icloud photos, you can store a lifetime?s worth of photos and videos in the cloud. learn more about photos imovie tell stories like never before. a simple design and intuitive editing features make it easy to create beautiful 4k movies and hollywood-style trailers. learn more about imovie garageband the easiest way to create great-sounding songs on your mac. with an intuitive interface and access to a complete sound library, it?s never been easier to learn, play, record, and share music like a pro. learn more about garageband pages this powerful word processor gives you everything you need to create documents that look beautiful. and read beautifully. it lets you work seamlessly between mac, ios, and ipados devices. and work effortlessly with people who use microsoft word. learn more about pages numbers create sophisticated spreadsheets with dramatic interactive charts, tables, and images that paint a revealing picture of your data. work seamlessly between mac, ios, and ipados devices. and work effortlessly with people who use microsoft excel. learn more about numbers keynote bring your ideas to life with beautiful presentations. employ powerful tools and dazzling effects that keep your audience engaged. work seamlessly between mac, ios, and ipados devices. and work effortlessly with people who use microsoft powerpoint. learn more about keynote safari photos imovie garageband pages numbers keynote pro apps for professionals ready to push their creativity, these industry-leading apps offer maximum control over editing, processing, and output of music and film. logic pro mainstage final cut pro motion compressor logic pro logic pro puts a complete recording and midi production studio on your mac, with everything you need to write, record, edit, and mix like never before. and with a huge collection of full-featured plug-ins along with thousands of sounds and loops, you?ll have everything you need to go from first inspiration to final master, no matter what kind of music you want to create. learn more about logic pro mainstage take your mac to the stage with a full-screen interface optimized for live performance, flexible hardware control, and a massive collection of plug-ins and sounds that are fully compatible with logic pro. learn more about mainstage final cut pro built to meet the needs of today?s creative editors, final cut pro offers revolutionary video editing, powerful media organization, and incredible performance optimized for mac computers and macos monterey. learn more about final cut pro motion motion is a powerful motion graphics tool that makes it easy to create cinematic 2d and 3d titles, fluid transitions, and realistic effects in real time. learn more about motion compressor add power and flexibility for exporting projects from final cut pro. customize output settings, work faster with distributed encoding, and easily package your film for the itunes store. learn more about compressor logic pro mainstage final cut pro motion compressor the mac app store features rich editorial content and great apps for mac. explore the mac app store get more out of mac today at apple virtual sessions learn the basics of using mac live with apple creatives. sign up apple one bundle up to six apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free10 learn more apple tv plus get 3 months of apple tv+ free when you buy a mac. try it free11 learn moreabout apple tv plus apple pay the safer way to make secure, contactless purchases in stores and online. learn moreabout apple pay apple arcade get 3 months of apple arcade free when you buy a mac. try it free12 learn more apple news plus hundreds of magazines and leading newspapers. one subscription. try it free13 learn moreabout apple news plus apple gift card for everything and everyone. learn moreabout apple gift card buy apple at work get the power to take your business to the next level. learn about apple at work see why mac means business apple and education empowering educators and students to move the world forward. learn about apple and education update to the latest version of ios or macos to start your apple news+ free trial. get the latest ios get the latest macos upgrade to start your free trial. get the latest ios get the latest ipados get the latest tvos get the latest macos apple footer * apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see https://support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. if you choose the pay-in-full or one-time-payment option for an acmi eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card?s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, sprint, verizon, or t-mobile. 1tb = 1 trillion bytes; actual formatted capacity less. screen size is measured diagonally. testing conducted by apple in october 2020 using preproduction macbook air systems with apple m1 chip and 8-core gpu, configured with 8gb of ram and 512gb ssd. the apple tv app movie playback test measures battery life by playing back hd 1080p content with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. testing conducted by apple in october 2020 using preproduction 13-inch macbook pro systems with apple m1 chip, 8gb of ram, and 512gb ssd. the apple tv app movie playback test measures battery life by playing back hd 1080p content with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. testing conducted by apple in september 2021 using preproduction 14-inch macbook pro systems with apple m1 pro, 8-core cpu, 14-core gpu, 16gb of ram, and 512gb ssd; and preproduction 16-inch macbook pro systems with apple m1 pro, 10-core cpu, 16-core gpu, 16gb of ram, and 1tb ssd. the apple tv app movie playback test measures battery life by playing back hd 1080p content with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. actual diagonal screen size is 23.5 inches. intel-based model comes with intel uhd graphics 630. intel-based model is available with up to 64gb memory. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple?s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $4.99/month after free trial. one subscription per family sharing group. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $4.99/month after free trial. one subscription per family sharing group. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. no commitment. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. ? apple mac shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home ipod touch airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
