https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/471/faqs
mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy faqs | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus vaccination policy return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus vaccination policy mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy faqs mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy faqs what is the university?s mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy? ontario?s chief medical officer of health has announced a provincial directive stating that covid-19 vaccination policies are mandatory for a number of sectors including health care and education, among others. the provincial directive comes as the university of windsor and other post-secondary institutions across the province recently issued similar mandates in efforts to mitigate the impact of covid-19 for our campus communities and follows recommendations made by the council of ontario universities and the council of ontario medical officers of health. anyone on campus must be fully vaccinated. our main priority is campus safety and to encourage a higher rate of vaccination on our campus. as announced in the take a jab campaign we encourage all members of our university of windsor community to become fully vaccinated as soon as possible. appointments for covid-19 vaccination can be booked through student health services or, are readily available through participating pharmacies or by visiting wevax.ca. this policy applies to all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors. what is the process involved in vaccine attestation? all members of the uwindsor campus community will be required to fill out the vaccination attestation form, even if you are partially vaccinated (one dose) or unvaccinated. partially vaccinated individuals will be required to submit the form after each vaccination to ensure all vaccine records are captured accurately. to attest to your vaccination status and upload your proof of vaccination (if applicable), visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine. you will need your vaccination certificate(s) and your uwinid and password. to get a copy of your vaccination certificate, if you received your covid-19 vaccine in canada, please visit the health canada website. how do i provide proof of my vaccination? to attest to your vaccination status and upload your proof of vaccination (if applicable), visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine and log in with your uwinid and password. you will need the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code to show proof of vaccination. get your enhanced vaccine certificate through ontario's covid-19 website: https://covid-19.ontario.ca/get-proof/ learn more on the vaccination policy - attestation and providing proof page. attestation faq 1. what is an attestation? an attestation is a statement of proof or declaration of status. for this purpose, you?ll complete a simple form at uwindsor.ca/vaccine to declare your status. 2. what will i be asked? the questions are as follows: what is your primary association with the university of windsor? how frequently will you visit the university campus during the fall semester? have you been vaccinated against sars-cov-2 (covid-19)? how many doses of the sars-cov-2 (covid-19) vaccine have you received? dose details (date, type, 1st or 2nd dose, lot number) 3. what will i receive upon completion of my attestation? you will receive a confirmation code. the code will also be emailed to you in a response summary pdf. the code is required to complete the daily self-assessment questionnaire. upon completion of the questionnaire through the safe lancer app, depending on vaccination (or exemption) status, you may be granted a green (approved) qr code badge which is required to access campus. 4. what do i need to complete the attestation form? to attest to your vaccination status and upload your proof of vaccination (if applicable), visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine and log in with your uwinid and password. you will need the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code to show proof of vaccination. get your enhanced vaccine certificate through ontario's covid-19 website: https://covid-19.ontario.ca/get-proof/ learn more on the vaccination policy - attestation and providing proof page. 5. why is attestation necessary? the university is required to provide statistical (non-identifiable) information regarding vaccination status to the ministry of colleges and universities. 6. how will the privacy of my vaccine attestation/proof be protected? information collected in the safe lancer app will only be reported in aggregate form. managers, supervisors, and course instructors are not permitted to view your declaration, nor to ask your vaccination status. data on your vaccination status will be held for a two-year retention period. proof of your vaccination records will be captured in the university?s qualtrics system. however, only individuals in the health and safety department and its will have access to the system. the university reports this aggregate data weekly to the chief medical officer of health and the ministry of colleges and universities. vaccine records are stored by the health & safety office (human resources department) and the data is only accessed by authorized users. records are only being used to verify vaccination status. will the university verify proof of vaccination? yes. verification of proof of vaccination will be conducted by members of the health & safety department. who is required to provide proof of vaccination? all students, faculty and staff regardless of whether they will be visiting campus are required to complete the vaccination attestation form. visitors will also be required to provide proof prior to attending campus. how do community members and visitors share their proof of vaccination? community members and visitors will also fill out the vaccination attestation form by visiting uwindsor.ca/vaccine and uploading their proof of vaccination. what happens if i am not vaccinated? can i still come to campus? to access campus, you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program for those who are not in the above categories, rapid antigen testing is no longer an option to attend campus. testing will be reserved for those who are partially vaccinated (as defined above), those who have received their exemption accommodation, or those who have submitted an exemption request and are awaiting a determination. faculty and staff who do not fall into one of the above categories will be deemed to have made themselves unavailable for work and will not be permitted to access campus and may be placed on an unpaid leave of absence. accommodations to address exemptions from the vaccination policy do not include work from home options. for students who do not fall into one of the above categories will not be permitted to access campus. this will affect their ability to participate in on-campus events or attend in-person classes or labs. students will need to contact their program coordinator for any curriculum concerns this may cause. who is eligible for vaccination exemption under this policy? exemptions to the vaccine policy can be requested for medical reasons or under the ground of creed (or religion) protected under the ontario human rights code. those whose application for exemption has been approved in accordance with the vaccine policy will be provided with an accommodation to participate in the university?s rapid antigen testing program to access campus. there is no exemption from the testing protocols under this policy. what do you mean by regular testing protocol? to access campus you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program for those who are not in the above categories, rapid antigen testing is no longer an option to attend campus. testing will be reserved for those who are partially vaccinated (as defined above), those who have received their exemption accommodation, or those who have submitted an exemption request and are awaiting a determination. testing will be mandatory for the following individuals to access campus: those who are partially vaccinated (one dose in a two-dose series) those who are unvaccinated and awaiting to apply for an exemption from the vaccination policy those who are unvaccinated and awaiting a determination about their request for exemption from the vaccination policy those who are unvaccinated and have received an exemption from the vaccination policy testing will be reserved solely for individuals who meet the above criteria. if you are an individual that requires participation in the rapid antigen testing to access campus, you are required to have a negative test result within 72 hours before accessing campus. if you receive a negative test result, you will be provided with a confirmation code to enter into your safe lancer app covid-19 daily self-assessment to access campus. if you receive a positive test result, health and safety staff onsite will assist you with next steps and you will not be permitted to access campus. how can i apply for an exemption under this policy? exemptions to the vaccine policy can be requested for medical reasons or under the ground of creed (or religion) protected under the ontario human rights code. those whose application for an exemption has been approved in accordance with the vaccine policy will be provided with an accommodation to participate in the university?s rapid antigen testing program to access campus. there is no exemption from the testing protocols under this policy. students student exemption form ? medical student exemption form ? creed (or religion) student exemption requests can be submitted by filling out the appropriate form and sending it to vaxinfo@uwindsor.ca. students will be contacted for next steps once their forms are received. staff & faculty employee exemption form - medical employee exemption form ? creed (or religion) staff and faculty exemption requests can be submitted by filling out the appropriate form and sending it to hrvaccine@uwindsor.ca. while you await the status of your application for exemption under the vaccination policy, you will still be required to participate in the university?s rapid antigen testing program to access campus. if i am vaccinated, will i still have to self-declare/provide proof each day i come to campus? when you submit your vaccination attestation and upload your proof of vaccination, the interface will generate a confirmation code. this code will be required when you fill out the safe lancer app covid-19 daily self assessment which will store your vaccination response. you will still be required to complete a daily covid-19 self-assessment on the safe lancer app. if i am not physically coming to a campus building, but just visiting the grounds of campus, do i have to declare my vaccine status? yes. all members of the uwindsor campus community will be required to fill out the vaccination attestation form, even if you are not planning on coming to campus, are partially vaccinated (one dose) or unvaccinated. what if i am working from home or have all of my classes online during the fall term and have no need to come to campus? under the mandatory vaccination policy, the university requires all staff, students, and faculty to attest to their vaccination status and if applicable, provide proof of their status. who has access to the data from the safe lancer app? we are committed to keeping any information you provide completely confidential. however, in order to make sure we attain maximum compliance, we will follow up with individuals who do not participate in the vaccine attestation and associated processes. the information that you provide will be managed in compliance with privacy legislation. refusal to participate may result in changes in your ability to access our campuses. any data in the safe lancer app will only be shared in aggregate form for reporting purposes. all data is stored for a period of 30 days on a canadian server and will only be reviewed for the purposes of contact tracing. for faculty and staff, each time you complete the daily covid-19 self-assessment, the resulting green or red badge results only are sent to your supervisor, not the detailed question responses. if you receive a red badge and are unable to come to campus, you should contact your supervisor immediately for further direction. how will the privacy of my vaccine attestation/proof be protected? information collected in the safe lancer app will only be reported in aggregate form. managers, supervisors, and course instructors are not permitted to view your declaration, nor to ask your vaccination status. data on your vaccination status will be held for a two-year retention period. only select staff in health and safety, for purposes of contact tracing, and information technology services (its), for system effectiveness, will have access to individual information. proof of your vaccination records will be captured in the university?s qualtrics system. however, only individuals in the health and safety department and its will have access to the system. weekly reporting of this data has been mandated by ontario?s chief medical officer of health and the ministry of colleges and universities. vaccine records are stored by the health & safety office (human resources department) and the data is only accessed by authorized users. will my supervisor/course instructor have access to my vaccine attestation? managers, supervisors, and course instructors are not permitted to view your attestation, nor to ask your vaccination status. each time you complete the daily covid-19 self-assessment screening prior to coming to campus they will be emailed the outcome (green/red badge), but not the details of your self-assessment answers. what types of vaccines are recognized? currently, approved vaccines can be found by visiting health canada?s website. if you have received a different covid-19 vaccine, you are currently not considered fully vaccinated in canada. if someone has had a vaccine that is neither health canada nor world health organization (who) approved: according to health canada, one (additional) mrna dose taken upon arrival will qualify you as being fully vaccinated. please consult with your physician to address any concerns. if someone received a vaccine that is not health canada approved but is who approved: they are considered fully vaccinated, pending any updated recommendations from ontario ministry of health. however, health canada recommends that they have the option of seeking one dose of an mrna vaccine. please consult with your physician to address any concerns. i have one dose of the vaccine. is that enough? no, as only the johnson & johnson (janssen) vaccine, approved by health canada, requires one dose. as per the vaccination policy, a person is fully vaccinated if, (a) they have received: (i) the full series of a covid-19 vaccine authorized by health canada, or any combination of such vaccines, (ii) one or two doses of a covid-19 vaccine not authorized by health canada, followed by one dose of a covid-19 mrna vaccine authorized by health canada, or (iii) three doses of a covid-19 vaccine not authorized by health canada; and (b) they received their final dose of the covid-19 vaccine at least 14 days before providing the proof of being fully vaccinated. what does fully vaccinated mean? a person is fully vaccinated if, (a) they have received, (i) the full series of a covid-19 vaccine authorized by health canada, or any combination of such vaccines, (ii) one or two doses of a covid-19 vaccine not authorized by health canada, followed by one dose of a covid-19 mrna vaccine authorized by health canada, or (iii) three doses of a covid-19 vaccine not authorized by health canada; and 3 (b) they received their final dose of the covid-19 vaccine at least 14 days before providing the proof of being fully vaccinated. the university of windsor is guided by ontario ministry of health as to what constitutes being fully vaccinated. while booster doses are available and recommended, they are not required to be considered fully vaccinated. the ontario ministry of health and national advisory committee on immunization (naci) recommends booster doses of the covid-19 vaccine in the fight against covid-19 as variants and cases continue to increase globally and in canada. where can i get more information about covid-19 vaccines? you can also learn more by visiting ontario?s covid-19 vaccine safety website and the government of canada?s facts about covid-19 vaccines website. i received my first vaccine dose in another province. can i get my second dose in windsor? yes, you will be able to receive your second dose in windsor. contact student health services to book your appointment. vaccines are also available through pharmacies, health care providers and wevax.ca. how do i find proof of my vaccination? effective january 4, 2022, ontario is requiring the use of the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code where proof of vaccination is required. in alignment with this provincial directive, effective january 10, 2022, proof of vaccination must be in the form of an enhanced vaccine certificate (with an official qr code), for residents of ontario. obtain the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code through ontario's covid-19 website. please note: those who have previously completed their vaccination attestation do not need to update their information with the enhanced form, however any subsequent updates to vaccination status will require it. out of province covid-19 vaccine registration if you received one or more doses of the covid-19 vaccine out of province, register your information with the windsor-essex county health unit (wechu) here: out of province covid-19 vaccine registration wechu will verify and record your vaccination records in covaxon. if you do not have an ontario health card, they can provide you with a unique pass code called a covid id. once recorded, you will be able to obtain an enhanced vaccine certificate through the ontario covid-19 vaccination provincial portal or by calling the provincial vaccine contact centre at 1-833-943-3900 for further assistance. will international students be encouraged to get vaccinated once they arrive? yes, international students will be encouraged to get vaccinated once they arrive on campus if they haven?t been able to do so. international students are eligible for the same health services and provisions as canadian citizens and permanent residents, which includes vaccines. appointments for covid-19 vaccination can be booked through student health services or vaccine appointments are readily available locally by visiting wevax.ca. what are the options for people who are unable to get vaccinated and decline the weekly testing? will they be suspended from working and/or studying? refusal to participate may result in changes in your ability to access campus. to access campus, you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program for those who are not in the above categories, rapid antigen testing is no longer an option to attend campus. testing will be reserved for those who are partially vaccinated (as defined above), those who have received their exemption accommodation, or those who have submitted an exemption request and are awaiting a determination. faculty and staff who do not fall into one of the above categories will be deemed to have made themselves unavailable for work and will not be permitted to access campus and may be placed on an unpaid leave of absence. accommodations to address exemptions from the vaccination policy do not include work from home options. for students who do not fall into one of the above categories will not be permitted to access campus. this will affect their ability to participate in on-campus events or attend in-person classes or labs. students will need to contact their program coordinator for any curriculum concerns this may cause. why is testing required only for unvaccinated individuals? the university is taking steps to protect those most at risk of transmission of covid-19. most cases in canada are currently among the unvaccinated population. it is important that we can support these individuals with rapid antigen tests to help manage their risk of transmission of covid-19 and support the overall health and safety of our community. do visitors have to complete the vaccine attestation and covid-19 self-assessment if they come to campus but do not enter any buildings? we expect all visitors to complete the vaccination attestation form by visiting uwindsor.ca/vaccine and provide proof of vaccination status. visitors are also required to complete the safe lancer daily covid-19 self-assessment screening prior to coming to campus. if i only come to campus once or twice a week and i am not vaccinated, do i still need to participate in the rapid antigen testing program twice a week? yes. all partially vaccinated or unvaccinated individuals are required to participate in the university?s rapid antigen testing program. a negative test result is required within 72 hours of attending campus. do i need to report a ?negative? result on my rapid antigen test to anyone? the result of your rapid antigen test will be verified at the testing centre. if you have a negative test result you will complete the safe lancer app and proceed to campus with a green badge. when am i expected to complete the testing? will it make me late for class? individuals are required to have a negative test result within 72 hours before accessing campus. for those coming to campus everyday this would require a test twice per week. testing to access campus will be completed in the on-campus covid-19 testing centre. booking an appointment can be done online by visiting uwindsor.ca/covidtest. testing should only take approximately 30 minutes to complete, but please plan for up to a 60-minute wait time should a delay occur. the rapid antigen testing should be completed twice per week if visiting campus daily, ideally at 72-hour intervals. how long does it take to complete the safe lancer app daily covid-19 self-assessment? it takes less than 3 minutes to complete the self-assessment. for those who do not have the app downloaded paper self-assessment forms are also available. will you offer a vaccine clinic on campus? yes. on-campus clinics have been held in partnership the windsor-essex county health unit and the community response services team. the on-campus vaccine clinics are barrier-free: no appointment or health card is required. details of upcoming clinics will be communicated through return to campus newsletters. vaccines are also available on campus through student health services or vaccine appointments are readily available locally through the windsor essex county health unit. what vaccines are currently being offered locally? currently, pfizer and moderna vaccines are being offered locally. this is an mrna vaccine that requires two vaccine doses given 28 days apart. if i am fully vaccinated, will i need to adhere to other safety measures such as wearing a mask, physical distancing and daily self-screening? yes. the health and safety of our community is paramount. all existing public health measures and university of windsor?s health and safety protocols, including current requirements to wear a mask indoors and physical distancing remain applicable, along with the mandatory safe lancer app covid-19 self-assessment screening. why is proof of vaccination now a requirement? from the very beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, uwindsor has made the health and safety of our students, faculty, staff and community a top priority. the pandemic is still quickly evolving, and variants of covid-19 are spreading. cases of covid are again increasing in ontario and vaccination is the best way to stop the spread. as recently announced, the university of windsor is following the provincial directive stating that covid-19 vaccination policies are mandatory for a number of high-risk settings. this also follows recommendations made by the council of ontario universities and the council of ontario medical officers of health in efforts to mitigate the impact of covid-19 on campus communities. science has proven that the best defense against covid-19 is continuing public health measures and the widespread uptake of vaccines. will the university be disclosing to managers who is vaccinated and who is not and the proportion of vaccinated individuals their teams? managers, supervisors, and course instructors are not permitted to ask the vaccination status of or view vaccination declarations of their students/teams. the university?s vaccine policy is an additional tool used to support the safe return to campus and is complementary to the already robust health and safety protocols in place. anyone on campus who has a green badge is entitled to enter campus spaces. managers and supervisors are expected to create an environment of empathy, understanding, and respect. for employees who are not vaccinated, when will the test have to be performed? how will confidentiality be assured if done during work hours? individuals are required to have a negative test result within 72 hours before accessing campus. the rapid antigen testing should be completed twice per week if visiting campus daily, ideally at 72-hour intervals. the testing centre has been configured to ensure as much privacy/confidentiality as possible. what type of testing will be performed for those who are not vaccinated? the test is the abbott panbio covid-19 rapid nasal test. i'm a new employee/student at the university of windsor. when must i complete my covid-19 vaccination attestation? as per the vaccination policy, all new employees whose first day of employment begins subsequent to october 21st, 2021 are required to complete their attestation of their covid-19 vaccination status within twenty (20) days from their first day of employment. exemption requests by new employees must be received within fifteen (15) days of the commencement of their employment. ?all new students and employees are required to complete their attestation of their covid-19 vaccination status within 20 days from their first day of classes. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
