https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/341/wear-mask
masks are required. let's keep each other safe. | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus masks are required. let's keep each other safe. masks are required. let's keep each other safe. in an effort to further support the health and safety of our faculty, staff and students, the university of windsor requires all employees, students, visitors and contractors to wear a mask or face covering when entering all campus buildings and in common spaces where physical distancing may be difficult (entrances, exits, hallways, stairwells, lounges, washrooms and elevators). to read the mandatory mask policy, click here. looking for a visual reference guide to help provide mask requirement guidance? students, faculty and staff can review the following infographic: mask requirement guidance for campus spaces click this link to view the mask instructions postcard. these include direction on the use of filters that can be purchased from the chemical control centre by emailing ccc@uwindsor.ca. students should be advised that as per the university of windsor mask policy, masks are required to be worn in campus buildings and classrooms. those who have mask exemptions will be provided with alternate work/learning opportunities and will not be able to enter a campus building or classroom. students who are unable to wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. it is required that all individuals working in shared spaces, those with face-to-face interactions, or those cleaning high touch areas, are required to wear eye protection (face shield, safety glasses, goggles or equivalent) and a medical mask when distancing of 2 metres is difficult to maintain. supervisors can obtain these through the chemical control centre. as recommended by the government of canada, a mask or face covering can be homemade or purchased, and should: be 3-ply medical mask or 2 layers of a tightly woven material fabric, such as cotton or linen + filter ?? the third (middle) layer should be a filter-type fabric, such as non-woven polypropylene fabric be large enough to completely and comfortably cover the nose, mouth and chin without gaping allow for easy breathing fit securely to the head with ties or ear loops be comfortable and not require frequent adjustments be changed as soon as possible if damp or dirty maintain its shape after washing and drying workers who cannot wear a mask shall contact their supervisor or manager, or human resources regarding accommodations, alternative protection, and/or adjusted work practices. students who cannot wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. for information regarding accommodations, contact student accessibility services. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
