https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-of-business-administration-managers-and-professionals?elqTrackId=8649e3a8c7c44f6d9abffe83529d60b5&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of business administration - managers & professionals - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of business administration managers & professionals stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close work while pursuing an mba you don?t need a business degree to be considered network with a cohort of similar and likeminded professionals program highlights & admission requirements designed for mid-career professionals with a minimum of five years work experience, the m&p program is ideal for students looking to balance their careers, education, and personal lives. students can maintain their current career while building the skills and knowledge necessary for leadership positions in the 21st century business environment. the program is taught online with some residency weekend requirements. over the two-year program, classes occur every second weekend on friday nights and saturday days. students from both business and non-business backgrounds are welcome in the program. book an appointment with a program administrator email a program administrator admission requirements minimum 5 years of full-time, professional work experience between graduating with an undergraduate degree and starting the program. updated resume and letter of intent. completion of a 4-year bachelor degree (or equivalent) from an accredited institution a cumulative gpa of 70% or above, calculated based on the last 2 years of full time studies of the qualifying degree. students of various undergraduate backgrounds are welcomed and encouraged into the program. one academic or professional reference. any student whose native language is not english, or did not receive a degree from a north american university or any countries listed on the exemption list, must achieve a satisfactory score on one of the following tests: ielts 7, toefl 100, duolingo 120, elip 3 a gmat is generally required but can be waived in some circumstances. a qualifying interview with the program administrator and/or director of mba *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. * average over six grade 12 academic courses. stay connected apply now program details program length: 8 modules (2 years) program delivery: online with occasional residency requirements faculty: business intake: fall 2023 "the unique benefit of pursuing an mba as a manager or professional is the diversity of experience you and your classmates bring to the classes. the opportunity to ask questions about how concepts relate to scenarios you?ve encountered and to see how they?re applied to the breadth of industries of your peers is truly invaluable." andrew drouillard, mba ?21 executive initiatives coordinator at city of windsor world-class faculty dr. kent walker mba program director the managers and professional program provides working professionals, many with young families, with the opportunity to grow professionally and advance in their careers. the two year program has classes every second weekend on friday nights and all day saturday. this allows mature students to continue to work full-time while maintaining free sundays. the program also includes courses built around the organizations and careers of individual students, giving them the flexibility to overlap their job with their mba. learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of business administration - managers & professionals program ? let's talk about the master of business administration - managers & professionals program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
