https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-of-management?elqTrackId=74b556e2f1864980a33d691c3cf8235f&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of management - graduate program - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of management stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close set yourself apart the master of management is a unique, 16-month program that offers you the benefits of a world- class business education with the personal touch of a small school. the knowledge you acquire will serve as the foundation for your career as a business professional and a leader. our graduates enjoy careers in private industry and government in human resources, finance, accounting, and supply chain management positions within canada and abroad. the master of management offers a september and january intake in: business data analytics - new offering for fall 2021 human resources management international accounting and finance logistics and supply chain management "the odette school of business is very proud of the master of management program. our goal is to create a rewarding and memorable experience for our students. we have a fantastic group of instructors who have extensive international experience. we also have a group of students who received their undergraduate degrees from some of the very best universities in the world." dr. mitchell fields dean, odette school of business program overview you will study and live in canada for approximately 16 months. all concentrations include 13 prescribed courses completed over four consecutive academic terms. each program starts in september or january. program objective to prepare you for leadership positions in the global business world by giving you the tools needed to rise to the top of your chosen industry. the master of management program will: enhance your knowledge of international accounting and finance develop your core management and leadership skills teach the necessity and value of marketing in the global business environment improve your strategic business knowledge allow you to fully understand the role of a manager and leader increase your quantitative knowledge and abilities program characteristics term one and two have 3.5 courses, term three and four have 3 courses (monday to friday classes) a fixed curriculum to learn business principles while focusing on your specialization begin and end your studies with the same cohort of peers limited class size, and personal interaction with faculty dedicated program administration staff an employment program to assist in developing your career portfolio admission requirements four-year, bachelor-level degree (or equivalent) in an acceptable discipline from an academic institution approved by the university of windsor the equivalent of a 73% average or higher in undergraduate studies (when converted to ontario standards) demonstrated english proficiency by meeting or exceeding a 7.0 score in the ielts test, or a toefl score of 100 (ibt)* enrolment is limited. preference will be given to candidates who exceed the above minimum requirements and those with relevant work experience. *english programming is available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. apply now estimated tuition and fees tuition fees are competitively priced and cover all instructional costs. they do not include books, living expenses and health insurance. see our tuition website for current tuition payment information and schedule, or email management@uwindsor.ca tuition estimator english language assistance we offer assistance programs to complete english-language training and orientation to canada prior to entering into the master of management course work. if you demonstrate excellent english language skills, you may be exempt from taking this training. visit english language improvement program for more information. visit elip master of management career program the master of management career program guides students in the development of their career plan and builds job readiness skills. the odette student success centre facilitates the program which includes a series of engaging sessions and assignments. in addition, students have unlimited access to one-on-one appointments with a career advisor. some of the valuable topics included are: career planning resume and cover letter development job searching in canada immigration legislation and guidelines professional designations in canada relationship building and networking interview techniques and one-on-one mock interview appointments opportunities to engage with canadian companies the courses master of management program courses are conducted over four terms (approximately 16 months). while you will study your specialization of choice, you will also be equipped with core business courses with multi-disciplinary relevance and receive the practical knowledge required to excel. below, you will find a list of topics covered in each specialization. all students take the same required courses, regardless of their program: accounting concepts and techniques business communication finance in a global perspective managing employees marketing international business quantitative studies business strategy business data analytics launching fall 2021, the odette school of business will offer this specialization in what is becoming a fast- growing field. students will have the opportunity to study at a school uniquely located at the u.s.-canadian border with exclusive partnerships unlike any other school in north america. introduction to data analytics data analytics and project management data acquisition and management data analytic method and algorithms predictive modeling and decision-making apply now human resources management human resources management leadership and organizational change international management managing for high performance current human resource trends "my time here at the university has been like none other. the knowledge i have gained in the human resources management program has given me the skills needed to secure a worthwhile hr position within one month of graduation. i highly recommend this program to others who are looking for a professional, well recognized degree." zhan xie human resources management graduate, china apply now international accounting and finance international financial reporting international financial management consolidated financial statements accounting systems control & auditing corporate governance (capstone course) "the courses required in the international accounting and finance program were rigorous and challenging and i feel will be essential in my business career. the instructors were very knowledgeable and helpful, not to mention motivating and inspiring." moushimi zaman international accounting and finance graduate, bangladesh apply now logistics and supply chain management intro to business logistics management purchasing and procurement domestic transportation and international shipping quantitative analysis for logistics and scm supply chain management "the master of management has provided me with an exceptional career push, as i have finally passed the hurdles of entry level employment to jump into a managerial role. class discussions and real-time case studies have truly nurtured me for different job circumstances. i am grateful for the odette school of business for making this experience one of a kind." sami salim logistics and supply chain management graduate, lebanon as a result of an agreement between supply chain management association ontario (scmao) and university of windsor, graduates from this stream can pursue their certified supply chain management professional (cscmp) designation at a faster and more cost-effective way. apply now apply to uwindsor with the programs you want and smaller student-to-faculty ratios, you can get the hands-on learning that?s sure to set you on a journey to a future you?ll be proud of. how to apply distinction world-class faculty at the university of windsor, you will interact with faculty who will continuously motivate and challenge you. odette school of business faculty members hail from more than 20 countries around the world. they bring unique business perspectives and expertise, as well as the perfect combination of academic and real-world experience. accessible and student-focused, they will guide, challenge, encourage and mentor you. many serve as faculty advisors for student clubs and societies. "the university of windsor?s master of management program strives to attract leading students from all disciplines and corners of the world, providing a dynamic multi-cultural learning environment located in one of canada?s most beautiful regions. the odette school of business is uniquely situated at the epicenter of north america?s busiest trade corridor, affording economic and professional opportunities in all sectors of commerce. as an aacsb member institution, a program quality standard assured by only 5% of global business schools, the master of management program affords a unique opportunity to learn, grow, and build a future in the healthy, vibrant windsor-essex region while enjoying all of the benefits of a revitalized detroit. our dedicated program team of professionals is ready aid you with all facets of your academic, social, and professional journey. as the academic director, i encourage you to come join us and i look forward to welcoming you to our program and community." dr. christopher fredette professor of management and strategy, academic director, master of management apply now benefits of studying at uwindsor canada?s most personal, comprehensive university with 200+ undergraduate and graduate programs and state-of-the-art facilities and classrooms a compact campus with a welcoming environment for more than 15,000 full- and part-time students from 90 countries a friendly and safe campus set in the ethnically diverse city of windsor situated on the windsor, canada?detroit, u.s. border with unique opportunities for study and experience no other university in canada can match the international students? society and numerous other student clubs provide friendship and support, as well as academic, social and recreational activities st. denis athletic and community centre offers a wide variety of physical activities?both personal and team sports apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of management program ? let's talk about the master of management program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
