https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-materials-chemistry-engineering?elqTrackId=a652f17632f94437bdad2b6470cbe2ec&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of materials chemistry and engineering - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of materials chemistry & engineering stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close experiential learning world-class faculty research opportunities career development program highlights & admission requirements be at the forefront of innovation with master of materials chemistry and engineering (mmcen). this interdisciplinary field combines materials chemistry and materials engineering to develop new and improved products, and to test the quality of manufactured goods. this program includes introductory courses in both fields to provide students with a solid theoretical foundation. along with practical lab skills, students will also gain experience in business plan development to prepare them for a wide range of career opportunities. students with degrees in chemistry or engineering can gain additional education & experiences in both fields, enabling you to work at the forefront in careers that rely on materials science and engineering. this program will produce graduates with expertise ranging across science and engineering, enabling you to develop successful careers in materials science & engineering, and giving you an edge in the job market. gain experience in business plan development and implementation related to materials science and engineering industries to help prepare you for a wide range of career opportunities worldwide. previous next admission requirements average (73% ontario) cgpa statement of interest curriculum vitae 2 references english proficiency requirements: ielts 6.5 / toefl 83 ibt / duolingo 120 / uwindsor elip 3* view the graduate studies page for more information on admission requirements and english exemptions. *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. * average over six grade 12 academic courses. program details program length: 4 semesters (16 months) program delivery: face to face faculty: science & engineering intake: summer deadline: march 1 "the aeronautics program has provided me with a well-rounded education and leadership skills that i will take with me as i pursue my dream of flying for a commercial airline.? jessica garant ba (honours) in liberal arts and professional studies: aeronautics leadership career tracks chemical manufacturing research and development in the physical, engineering, and life sciences testing laboratories architectural, engineering, and related services management of companies and enterprises materials scientists quality control specialist watch the master of materials chemistry & engineering webinar! ? apply now for a guaranteed $4000 scholarship ? students admitted into this program will earn a guaranteed $4000 cad tuition scholarship.* *this one-time payment is applied to the first term of studies and cannot be transferred to another program. ? click here and apply now ? world-class faculty dr. s. holger eichhorn materials/organic/polymer chemistry ph.d. (bremen germany) associate professor materials chemistry and engineering have been at the forefront of technological developments in organic electronics and nanotechnology, which have both been instrumental for many recent advances in sensing, drug delivery, green technologies, and smart devices. the mmcen program will teach you the essential underlying scientific concepts and technologies that will position you well in the growing job markets of these sectors. dr. simon rondeau-gagn? organic materials ph.d. (universit? laval) associate professor this unique program will provide strong foundations in materials chemistry and engineering, while also offering exceptional perspectives on the most recent developments in these booming areas. students will receive incomparable cutting-edge training, from materials synthesis to device engineering, and will have the chance to use the knowledge gained in the classrooms directly in state-of-the-art research labs. this program will contribute to position students as future leaders in advanced technologies to address key challenges faced by modern society. previous next learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* helpful links & resources learn more about the university of windsor and steps to take to start your lancer journey! connect with an international recruiter working in canada english language pathway tuition estimator virtual campus tour on-campus living applying for a study permit international student orientations traveling to canada health plans and services making payments apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of materials chemistry and engineering program ? let's talk about the master of materials chemistry and engineering program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
