https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-of-education?elqTrackId=6be2d84972f942a2b77e68a90016bd74&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of education - graduate program - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of education stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close set yourself apart advance your studies with our master of education program. you will build a solid foundation in the field of education while exploring current theory. understand strategies and principles of research to study education while becoming an informed and critical educator. the master of education offers a september and january intake in: curriculum studies educational administration and leadership second language acquistion, culture and society program overview you will study for approximately 12-16 months. all concentrations include 10 prescribed courses completed over four consecutive academic terms. you have the opportunity to begin your degree in september or january. program objectives our master of education program is taught by a highly diverse faculty team that strives to enhance your professional and scholarly growth. they are active and internationally recognized for their important contributions to research, theory, policy, performance, and practice. the master of education program will: challenge and inspire you to be a leader in education and training provide a one-of-a-kind learning experience in small and medium-class sizes enrich your learning experience with an innovative program program highlights individualized plan of study select the course delivery distance education offerings (computer literacy required) inter-university teams of instructors and supervisory committees flexible residency requirements - four consecutive terms for full time study unique opportunities for collaboration and networking with other students and education leaders full or part-time study options admission requirements four-year, bachelor-level degree (or equivalent) in an acceptable discipline from an academic institution approved by the university of windsor the equivalent of a 70% average or higher in undergraduate studies and at least 70% average in the final two years of study. the statement of academic objectives and research interests describes your reasons for pursuing graduate study at uwindsor's faculty of education. your statement should include, but not be limited to, a description of: your research interests; how your previous studies and experience have prepared you for the program; your career and scholary objectives; and how you perceive the graduate degree will advance these objectives. click here for more information. international students interested in enrolling in the m.ed. must demonstrate a certain level of proficiency in english, as the working language of instruction in the faculty of education. students must have an ielts test score of 7.0 (or above) in three of the four areas of reading, writing, listening and speaking, with the other being no lower than 6.5, or a toefl score of 100 (ibt)*. the master of education program also has a new language pathway partnership with iceap toronto. students who successfully complete the iceap pathway programs will satisfy the english language requirements for the course. click here for more information. *english programming is available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. enrolment is limited. preference will be given to candidates who exceed the above minimum requirements and those with relevant work experience. apply now estimated tuition and fees tuition fees are competitively priced and cover all instructional costs. they do not include books, living expenses and health insurance. see our tuition website for current payment information and schedule. tuition estimator english language assistance we offer assistance programs to complete english-language training and orientation to canada prior to entering into the master of management course work. if you demonstrate excellent english language skills, you may be exempt from taking this training. visit english language improvement program for more information. visit elip career services and support master of education students have access to supports that help with the development of their career plans and job readiness skills through the career development & experiential learning some of the valuable topics included are: career planning resume and cover letter development job searching in canada relationship building and networking interview techniques and one-on-one mock interview appointments opportunities to engage with canadian companies & organizations international student centre support the international student centre offers many services for those from outside of canada, including: immigration legislation and guidelines health plans & services programs and activities for new international students concentrations & streams upon being admitted to the program, students chose one of three areas of concentrations in which to conduct their studies: curriculum studies examine philosophical orientations, conceptual frameworks, and research methodologies relevant to the study of theoretical and developmental aspects of curriculum in a canadian and international context. this program will allow you to develop your skills and knowledge to enhance your professional practice. learn more educational administration and leadership gain leadership skills while you examine philosophical orientations, theoretical frameworks, and research methodologies. study of educational administration and leadership, policy and leadership in a canadian and international context. learn more second language acquistion, culture and society obtain skills to teach in linguistically and culturally diverse schools with a more robust sense of cultural and linguistic responsiveness. explore the importance of international and interdisciplinary collaborations in teaching and research. learn more furthermore, students have the option to complete the m.ed. degree by following one of three streams: course-based stream course-based stream students are required to complete successfully the equivalent of a minimum of 10 term courses, where the tenth course is the final project seminar. find below some of the mandatory courses the student will be taking: ? research in education ? qualitative methods in educational research ? fundamentals of curriculum theory for candidates enrolled in the curriculum studies specilization ? theory of educational administration and leadership for candidates enrolled in the educational administration and leadership specilization ? theories and approaches in language acquisition and instruction for candidates enrolled in the second language acquisition in culture and society specilization ? final project seminar apply now major paper stream major paper stream students are required to complete successfully 8 graduate courses, plus 2 credits for the major paper. find below some of the mandatory courses the student will be taking: ? research in education ? statistics in education ? fundamentals of curriculum theory for candidates enrolled in the curriculum studies specilization ? theory of educational administration and leadership for candidates enrolled in the educational administration and leadership specilization ? theories and approaches in language acquisition and instruction for candidates enrolled in the second language acquisition in culture and society specilization ? major paper apply now thesis stream thesis stream students are required to complete successfully 6 courses plus 4 credits for the thesis. find below some of the mandatory courses the student will be taking: ? research in education ? statistics in education ? a research project resulting in a thesis ? fundamentals of curriculum theory for candidates enrolled in the curriculum studies specilization ? theory of educational administration and leadership for candidates enrolled in the educational administration and leadership specilization ? theories and approaches in language acquisition and instruction for candidates enrolled in the second language acquisition in culture and society specilization apply now courses are primarily on-site in the m.ed. regular program. occassionally courses may be offered online. full-time and part-time study opportunities are available. students can choose the online delivery model and can take one of the two concentrations: educational administration and leadership, and curriculum studies. students are required to complete 10 credits in the m.ed. program. the credits are determined by the stream being completed. apply to uwindsor with the programs you want and smaller student-to-faculty ratios, you can get the hands-on learning that?s sure to set you on a journey to a future you?ll be proud of. how to apply distinction world-class faculty at the university of windsor, you will interact with faculty who will continuously motivate and challenge you. our master of education program is taught by a highly diverse faculty team that strives to enhance each student?s professional and scholarly growth and is specially designed for those students interested in exploring and understanding issues of equity, diversity, and social justice. "the faculty of education, in particular, and grad studies in general, at the university of windsor have transformed me holistically from what i was in the past as a teacher to who i am today. it has impacted me intellectually, emotionally, creatively, artistically and socially." syed ali nasir zaidi, ma, med (slacs) apply now benefits of studying at uwindsor canada?s most personal, comprehensive university with 200+ undergraduate and graduate programs and state-of-the-art facilities and classrooms a compact campus with a welcoming environment for more than 15,000 full- and part-time students from 90 countries a friendly and safe campus set in the ethnically diverse city of windsor situated on the windsor, canada?detroit, u.s. border with unique opportunities for study and experience no other university in canada can match the international students? society and numerous other student clubs provide friendship and support, as well as academic, social and recreational activities st. denis athletic and community centre offers a wide variety of physical activities?both personal and team sports apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of education program ? let's talk about the master of education program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
