https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-applied-computing?elqTrackId=2992bff3ba2049428c0a90a74c2a2257&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of applied computing - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of applied computing stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close experiential learning world-class faculty research opportunities career development program program overview & highlights master of applied computing is a professional program that will provide students with a solid foundation of the industry oriented practical aspects of computer science. it provides a solid background in the foundation of computing and business. the skills and knowledge gained from this program will allow you to develop a successful career in the growing software industry through practical projects, internships and in-class training. this program has been specifically designed to expose you to the latest technologies and developments in a number of high-demand fields. students of the masters of applied computing program has unique opportunities with industry partners such as ibm, blackberry (2020) and rocket innovation studio (2021) opportunity to get an internship through a transform program (12 weeks), where students gain employment readiness skills (resume skills, professionalism and interview) previous next admission requirements 4-year?bachelor?s degree in computer science?or related discipline with a minimum major average of 70% or an average of 77% or better in the last?3?years of study? because of the large number of applicants to the masters of applied computing, having 5 or more grades below 70% in computer science courses will decrease your chances for admission statement of interest 2 references english proficiency requirements: ielts 6.5 / toefl 92 ibt / uwindsor elip 3* view the graduate studies page for more information on admission requirements and english exemptions. *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. stay connected apply now program details program length: 4 semesters (16 months) program delivery: face to face & online faculty: science intake: summer, fall, winter "the aeronautics program has provided me with a well-rounded education and leadership skills that i will take with me as i pursue my dream of flying for a commercial airline.? jessica garant ba (honours) in liberal arts and professional studies: aeronautics leadership career tracks software developer programmer program analyst technical analyst business analyst systems analyst game developer web developer world-class faculty dr. ziad kobti phd., computer science, wayne state university associate professor context xxxx dr. dan wu phd, university of regina associate professor xx content here previous next learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* helpful links & resources learn more about the university of windsor and steps to take to start your lancer journey! connect with an international recruiter working in canada english language pathway tuition estimator virtual campus tour on-campus living applying for a study permit international student orientations traveling to canada health plans and services making payments apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of applied computing program ? let's talk about the master of applied computing program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
