https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-of-engineering?elqTrackId=28c2cf4b1f4247b098634cc3c97fb07d&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of engineering - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of engineering stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close experiential learning world-class faculty research opportunities career development program program overview & highlights master of engineering is a course-based program designed for working professionals or recent graduates who want to increase their knowledge in multiple, advanced topics. graduates of the master of engineering program can apply to uwindsor?s fast-track master of applied science (masc) program, which provides them with additional research specific training and education and allows students to progress to the phd level. focus your master of engineering degree in either civil engineering, electrical and computer engineering, environmental engineering, industrial engineering, materials engineering, mechanical engineering, and mechanical engineering (automotive option) students of the master of engineering program will gain practical canadian career skills related to their study area through uwindsor?s co-op program. previous next admission requirements undergraduate degree (basc?/bsc. in engineering/b.eng. degree or equivalent) with at least 70% average over the last four years?? cv/resume statement of interest for master of engineering - automotive option only english proficiency requirements: ielts 6.5 / toefl 92 ibt / uwindsor elip 3* view the graduate studies page for more information on admission requirements and english exemptions. *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. stay connected apply now "the university of windsor has helped me reach the career i have always wanted. the meng program has amazing professors, who are leaders in their respective area in industry. working with the professors at this level has helped me gain practical, real-world knowledge. uwindsor?s co-op program also helped me gain canadian work experience and learn work culture." himaja yedidi industrial engineer, ford motor company program details program length: 4 semesters (16 months) program delivery: face to face & online faculty: engineering intake: winter, spring, fall career tracks biological engineer biomedical engineer civil engineer computer engineer design engineer electrical engineer environmental engineer industrial engineer view full list program streams upon being admitted to the program, students chose an areas of concentration in which to conduct their studies: civil engineering learn more electrical engineering learn more environmental engineering learn more industrial engineering learn more materials engineering learn more mechanical engineering learn more mechanical engineering - automotive option learn more world-class faculty dr. majid ahmadi distinguished professor associate dean of engineering for research & graduate studies faculty of engineering offers world class master of engineering programs in seven areas of engineering preparing our graduates for employments in leading industries in canada and globally. state-of-the-art facilities, research labs and outstanding faculty members are key to our success for such training learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* helpful links & resources learn more about the university of windsor and steps to take to start your lancer journey! connect with an international recruiter working in canada english language pathway tuition estimator virtual campus tour on-campus living applying for a study permit international student orientations traveling to canada health plans and services making payments apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of engineering program ? let's talk about the master of engineering program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
