https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-applied-economics-policy?elqTrackId=53c0e1a7aa3a4fec9ff3a969584eb962&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of applied economics and policy - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of applied economics & policy stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close experiential learning world-class faculty research opportunities career development program program overview & highlights the master of applied economics and policy program is designed to offer a unique combination of courses that will prepare you for work in the specialized field of economic policy. as a graduate, you will be prepared to immediately secure a position in the working world. the program places special emphasis in preparing you to utilize large amounts of data available to professionals in government and business to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of government polices and business projects. through a multidisciplinary approach to policy analysis involving economic courses, business courses, communication workshops and an exciting research project, you will have all of the tools and experiences needed to begin a career as an economist. previous next admission requirements completion of undergraduate courses in statistics, micro, and macro economics statement of interest 2 references english proficiency requirements: ielts 6.5 / toefl 83 ibt / uwindsor elip 3* view the graduate studies page for more information on admission requirements and english exemptions. *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. * average over six grade 12 academic courses. stay connected apply now program details program length: 4 semesters (16 months) program delivery: face to face & online faculty: science intake: fall "the aeronautics program has provided me with a well-rounded education and leadership skills that i will take with me as i pursue my dream of flying for a commercial airline.? jessica garant ba (honours) in liberal arts and professional studies: aeronautics leadership career tracks policy analyst resource stewardship economist health economist economic analyst economic policy researcher world-class faculty dr. nurlan turdaliev professor director, master of applied economics program there is an increasing need both from the private sector and the public sector, and in particular, from the emerging economies, that requires professionals with a strong economic background and policy making skills. graduates from the program will have the knowledge and the skills to help decision-makers choose sound economic policies. it will enable them to find positions in industry, government, think tanks, and international organizations. dr. sang-chul suh? department head professor the program is designed to train individuals to acquire the knowledge and skills needed to be an expert decision maker in the current globalized economy. it provides students a firm understanding of the core principles of economic theory and the experiences of handling and analyzing data. graduates of the program will be ready to tackle and solve the real-world problems faced by governments and private industries. previous next learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* helpful links & resources learn more about the university of windsor and steps to take to start your lancer journey! connect with an international recruiter working in canada english language pathway tuition estimator virtual campus tour on-campus living applying for a study permit international student orientations traveling to canada health plans and services making payments apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of applied economics & policy program ? let's talk about the master of applied economics & policy program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
