http://www.uwindsor.ca/mfa/
master of fine arts program skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students master of fine arts program in this section home contact us programs graduate faculty soca mfa 2021 showcase visiting artists admission financial aid nmpl arts community alumni showcase windsor - detroit school of creative arts home contact us programs graduate faculty soca mfa 2021 showcase visiting artists admission financial aid nmpl arts community alumni showcase windsor - detroit school of creative arts uwindsor home master of fine arts program master of fine arts programs master of fine arts programs patricia coates, propagation project, 2015 mfa programs at the school of creative arts the university of windsor offers two distinct master of fine arts programs: mfa visual arts the master of fine arts program in visual arts at the university of windsor is a two-year, studio-centered program geared towards creative exploration, innovative experimentation and the development of a sustainable artistic practice. the program provides graduate students with a critical and theoretical framework that enables the independent development of artistic research and studio production that is supported by a range of dynamic faculty, visiting artists, curators and critics. windsor?s school of creative arts has one of the longest running mfa programs in canada, founded in 1979. university of windsor mfa graduates have gone on to establish significant careers as visual artists, educators, curators and arts professionals. our program is distinguished for its focus on intensive graduate supervision, spacious facilities and openness to unconventional practices. we encourage a multi-disciplinary approach to art that enables students to experiment with a variety of media and methods to discover those best suited to realizing their creative projects. recently these have ranged from video installation, audio responsive installation, performance, social practice, bio art, and urban interventions. calum hotchkiss, mfa, film & media arts 2021, is one of five university students across canada awarded the canadian cinema editors? student award of merit for his thesis film continuum. mfa film and media arts the school of creative arts also offers an mfa in film and media arts program. like the mfa in visual arts, the mfa in film and media arts focuses on studio production with an emphasis on multidisciplinary collaboration. students are expected to create films and multimedia works in a variety of genres en route to developing a thesis project. our faculty have established national and international reputations, exhibiting, performing, and screening films regularly in canada and abroad. currently, school of creative arts faculty members are working on a range of externally funded projects that explore multimedia performance, the intersection of art and biotechnology, ecology, architecture, documentary film, and urban culture. we encourage applications from artists working in a wide variety of contemporary practices. share tweet save notices employment ga posting winter 2022 soca ga application winter 2022 handbooks mfa visual arts 2021 mfa film and media studies 2021 share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
