https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-science-translational-health-sciences?elqTrackId=adc1771139fe4a068d7867fbbe357f6a&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of science in translational health sciences - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of science in translational health sciences stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close 12 month program; from start to grad >200 hours with local researchers in an experiential learning placement great option for gap year between undergrad & med school program highlights & admission requirements calling all future health care workers! are you looking for real-world experience in a clinical or laboratory research setting? or perhaps you want to fill a gap year and strengthen your cv before applying to medical school. translational health sciences is a new and rapidly growing research field that seeks to ?translate? or bridge the gap between advances in laboratory medical research and health care in clinical practice. in a modern-day approach to healthcare, successful research-programs utilize a multidisciplinary team of scientists, health professionals, economists, and statisticians working together to solve complex health and social problems. there is a need to offer students a training path that incorporates clinical science, public health, and basic biomedical research to accelerate the application of biological breakthroughs to human health. to address this opportunity, and the deficit of educated students with these skills, the faculty of science is offering a professional master of science in translational health sciences (?msths?) program. the program leverages partnerships between the faculty of science, the faculty of nursing, windsor regional hospital (wrh), windsor cancer research group, we spark health institute, hotel dieu grace hospital and st. clair college, to train a new generation of clinical researchers. the msths program will leverage existing university of windsor research strengths in cancer biology, environmental health, and neuroscience, as well as the expanding network of clinical research being done via the windsor cancer research group (wcrg) and we spark health institute. the msths professional program is designed to provide students with education and skills to enter a wide variety of career paths in translational health sciences. students will gain the experience they need to find careers implementing clinical trials in industry, clinical, and academic settings, as well as work for government agencies and community organizations that engage in disease prevention and health promotion. the msths program includes traditional lecture-based courses in cancer cell biology, clinical research methods, advanced statistics, and fundamentals of oncology. additionally, msths students will learn and gain experience through hands-on clinical studies with local researchers in our experiential learning placement course. program graduates will have the training and knowledge necessary to become active and successful contributors to the many health industries related to translational health sciences. previous next admission requirements two letters of reference (academic reference(s) or referee(s) that can speak to the pursuit of your academic credential e.g. co-op supervisor). students are required to be available for in-person instruction and clinical placements. english proficiency requirements: ielts 7.0 (with no ielts band score less than 6.5) / toefl 94 ibt view the graduate studies page for more information on admission requirements and english exemptions. enrolment will be limited. *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. * average over six grade 12 academic courses. stay connected apply now program details program length: 3 semesters (12 months) program delivery: face to face faculty: science & nursing intake: may (no fall or winter intakes) deadline: april 1st for domestic students; march 1st for international students) "the aeronautics program has provided me with a well-rounded education and leadership skills that i will take with me as i pursue my dream of flying for a commercial airline.? jessica garant ba (honours) in liberal arts and professional studies: aeronautics leadership career tracks doctor health-care administrator health and safety coordinator genetic counsellor lab technician laboratory supervisor medical director medical researcher medical writer pharmacist physician policy advisor professor project manager public health educator research co-ordinator environmental consultant read more msths program overview world-class faculty dr. martin crozier assistant professor, translational health science, msths program coordinator thank you for taking time to learn more about our msths program. as the program coordinator i am happy to answer any questions you might have. feel free to reach out and contact me at mcrozier@uwindsor.ca, or visit our program?s homepage to learn more about msths. dr. andrew hubberstey biomedical science department chair the department of biomedical sciences is excited about this novel msc program which will link our graduate students with local clinical health research partners. students will gain experience in relating basic and clinical research and learn how to analyze health related data and as a one-year msc degree, this program will appeal to students with interests in health related careers or future health professional degrees. previous next program objectives successfully launch the careers of students as health professionals and/or research scientists by providing advanced skills in translating health care research. prepare culturally and ethically responsive students who can think critically and translate evidence into practice in a health care setting. produce student-led scholarship that impacts the health and wellness of individuals and communities. foster strong partnerships between our local academic and clinical research institutions (e.g., the faculty of science, the faculty of nursing, windsor regional hospital, windsor cancer research group, we spark health institute, st. clair college, etc.). courses required courses six (6) required courses including: biom 8710. cancer cell biology (new course, three credits) nurs-8830. research methods in nursing (three credits) nurs-8820. advanced statistics (three credits) biom-8720. fundamentals of oncology (new course, three credits) biom-8700. professional development seminar in translational health sciences (new course, one credit), students must enroll in this course in summer, fall, and winter for one hour per week over three terms at 12 weeks/term, or 36 hours in total) biom-8705. experiential learning placement in translational health sciences (new course, nine credits). students must enroll in this course in summer, fall, and winter; 9 credits/semester are as follows. 6 hours/wk. in clinic (weekly breakdown arranged in agreement with clinician and student(s)); 1 hour/wk. with clinician in reviewing project data and plan; 2 hours/wk. developing progress reports, addressing pitfalls, working on monthly report presentation and final report presentations; supervised by course instructor (see ?notes on new courses? below and the course syllabus appendix f). 6 hours in experiential learning placement/wk. x 12 wks./semester = 72 hours/semester. 72 hours/semester x 3 semester =216 hours of experiential learning placement, in a clinical research environment at windsor regional hospital. the remaining 3 hours/wk. are spent in meetings with the supervising clinician and course instructor, to review progress and develop presentations associated with progression through the placement as described above. elective courses two elective courses selected from the following: biol-8008. special topics in biological sciences (medical genomics (three credits)) biol-8008. special topics in biological sciences (tumour immunology and immunotherapy (three credits)) bioc-8684. cell death and diseases (three credits) comp-8580. topics in bioinformatics (three credits) and many more. notes on new courses in the professional development seminar course, students will work in groups to complete assignments developing creative solutions to challenges in translational health sciences. students will also create an individual reflective portfolio that will document and track their progress in meeting the program learning outcomes, as well as document their examination of and preparation for a variety of career pathways. in the experiential learning placement course, students will work in groups on a translational health science research project, together with a research advisor (e.g., academic faculty or health care professional) and the program coordinator. at the start of the course, students will review research projects proposed by research advisors and rank these projects based upon their personal preferences and interests. subsequently, the course instructor will consult students and research advisors to match their interests and needs. the course instructor will then connect groups of students with their research advisors and they will begin their placement. using the project proposed by the research advisor as a starting point, each student group will then develop a research project proposal that will require them to apply their knowledge to select a study design, research methods, and obtain any regulatory approvals. the 216-hour placement will give students practical experience in many diverse aspects of clinical research that may include interacting with patients, complying with regulatory requirements, collecting data, analyzing data, and collaborating with diverse groups of scientists and health care professionals. student will gain experience with both written and oral communication through the culminating final research report and scientific poster presentation at the program colloquium that will conclude the experiential learning placement course. students will spend approximately 72 hours per semester at their placement (72 hours/semester x 3 semesters = 216 hours) which equates to approximately 6 hours per week at their placement over the course of a 12-week semester. the requirement of the research project and needs of the research advisor will dictate whether students complete six hours/day/week at their placement or whether these six hours will be divided across multiple days. stay connected apply now learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of science in translational health sciences program ? let's talk about the master of science in translational health sciences program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
