https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-of-business-administration-professional-accounting-specialization?elqTrackId=91b29170bdbb45a997e8d71a2a87c9ef&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of business administration - professional accounting specialization - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of business administration professional accounting specialization stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close 12-month program 92% success rate on the cfe exam in 2020 & 2021 100% employment rate, 2020 graduate survey program highlights & admission requirements the odette mba-pas (master of business administration - professional accounting specialization), is a one-of-a-kind program for aspiring business leaders who are pursuing the cpa designation. beginning in the fall semester, the mba-pas program can be completed within 12 months. students graduating from the program will hold an mba degree and be ready to write cpa ontario?s common final exam (cfe). fully accredited by cpa canada and cpa ontario, mba-pas students who have successfully completed the program will be able to write the cfe without having to go through any further preparation. the mba-pas program is flexible, experiential, and cultivates a learning environment where synergies from diverse backgrounds contribute to the education of a well-rounded chartered professional accountant. all students must have the prerequisite education complete and be eligible to begin the cpa professional education program (cpa pep). mba-pas is a unique program that will give you the opportunity to enhance your career as an accounting professional and business leader. our goal is to provide you with an excellent educational experience that will position you on a successful pathway to achieve your cpa designation. graduates are prepared, understand, and able to respond to an increasingly complex business world. our dedicated program team will provide you with resources and support from your application all the way through graduation and beyond. i invite you to come join us and accelerate your career with the mba-pas program! dr. peter savoni odette school of business master of business administration professional accounting specialization program director admission requirements successful completion of 120 credit hour undergraduate degree a cumulative gpa of 70% in the previous academic degree/last 20 courses/ 4 full-time semesters and minimum average of 70% cgpa in core preparatory courses. ? gmat executive assessment applicants whose native language is not english must achieve a satisfactory score on one of the following tests. test of an english foreign language (toefl) (600 paper, 250 computer, 100 ibt) international english language testing system (ielst) ? (7.0) this requirement is waived for applicants who have obtained a university degree from a north american institution no prior work experience is required but all applicants must submit an updated resume and letter of intent. two letters of reference students must be eligible to begin the cpa professional education program (cpa pep) *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. * average over six grade 12 academic courses. stay connected apply now program details program length: 3 semesters (12 months) program delivery: face to face & online faculty: business intake: fall contact information jocelyn winter mba-pas program administrator jocelyn.winter@uwindsor.ca book an appointment "i am elated to have passed the cfe on my first attempt! the mba-pas program truly prepared me to be successful on the cfe exam. in the span of one year, i was able to obtain my mba, as well as develop the skills necessary to be successful in my journey as a cpa. the program allowed me to develop the enabling skills/competencies outlined by cpa such as problem solving, managing self, and communication which were key in exam time." summer hedjazi master of business administration professional accounting specialization graduate world-class faculty melissa cuzzocrea, cpa, ca advanced topics in financial reporting melissa is a director in baker tilly windsor?s audit and assurance department. melissa has over 20 years of accounting experience, most of which was spent in public accounting. she joined baker tilly windsor in 2014 after spending eight years in the private automotive sector in a senior financial role. melissa works primarily with owner-managed corporations providing business advisory and compliance services. jules hawkins, cpa, ca performance management a transplant from the uk, this cambridge-educated double-cpa, ca (uk and ontario) is creating waves in essex county and beyond. jules has 15 years of big firm experience in the uk and toronto, and 10 more years with smaller firms in windsor. although jules has worked with businesses of all sizes ? from new start-ups to multinational corporations ? he particularly enjoys working with small fast-growing companies, owner-managed businesses and non-profit organizations. he stays on top of his professional game by teaching courses and acting as an accredited practice inspector for cpa ontario. garnet fenn, ca, cpa, icd.d advanced corporate finance garnet fenn was a senior finance executive in the automotive industry until retirement and is a sessional instructor in finance and accounting at the odette school of business, university of windsor. he is a chartered professional accountant (ontario) and certified public accountant (michigan) and he has completed cpa canada?s tax specialty programs. he is a member of the chartered financial analysts institute, canadian securities institute and is a chartered secretary granted through the chartered governance institute (formerly icsa). he has completed executive programs at western university, insead (paris), and imd (switzerland) and a certificate in adjudication at the osgoode law school. ainslie waghorn, cpa, ca integrative case analysis a double degree graduate from wilfrid laurier university and the university of waterloo, ainslie successfully navigated the new common final examination (cfe) process and achieved honours standing on the september 2016 cfe. ainslie uses his personal cfe writing experiences to help coach and mentor students to become successful case writers. after working for over 8 years in public accounting, ainslie now works in the private sector for a local group of companies and teaches at the university. previous next learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of business administration - professional accounting specialization program ? let's talk about the master of business administration - professional accounting specialization program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
