https://future.uwindsor.ca/master-of-business-administration?elqTrackId=f0de9f5f673244f9b97fd37bedf6218f&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
master of business administration - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students master of business administration full-time program stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close no business undergraduate degree required one of the most affordable mbas in ontario no work experience required small class sizes (max 50 students) program highlights & admission requirements the odette 16-month mba provides students with personalized preparation for a successful career in business. this unique program offers students a fast-paced learning environment using an experiential approach to education. students from both business and non-business backgrounds are welcome in the program. entrants typically have two to five years of work experience, but no work experience is required to apply. the exclusive advanced program for experiential consulting (apex) is integrated into the program, providing students the opportunity to work alongside corporate leaders on real-world projects with personalized instruction. book an appointment with a program administrator email a program administrator admission requirements completion of a 4-year bachelor degree (or equivalent) from an accredited institution a cumulative gpa of 70% or above, calculated based on the last 2 years of full time studies of the qualifying degree. students of various undergraduate backgrounds are welcomed and encouraged into the program. one academic or professional reference. no prior work experience is required but all applicants must submit an updated resume and letter of intent. any student whose native language is not english, or did not receive a degree from a north american university or any countries listed on the exemption list, must achieve a satisfactory score on one of the following tests: ielts 7, toefl 100, duolingo 120, elip 3 a gmat is generally required but can be waived in some circumstances. a qualifying interview with the program administrator and/or director of mba *english language improvement programs are available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. * average over six grade 12 academic courses. stay connected apply now "after finishing my mba, i was able to utilize the skills i learned in the classroom in my current job. courses like project management allowed me to organize and ensure my current projects have an attainable action plan and stay within the scope of work. during my mba, i had the opportunity to work on a corporate level project that touched on all aspects of the business. now, after my mba, when given a project or task by my manager, i am able to consider all the tasks that come along with this project from all the portfolio my organization offers." ronak doowd, mba ?22 events and curriculum specialist at build a dream program details program length: 4 semesters (16 months) program delivery: face to face & online faculty: business why an odette mba? 96% employment rate of graduates after six months (2021 graduate survey) gain real world experience through corporate experiential learning past partners include ontario securities commission, stellantis, saint john sea dogs, sickkids hospital, innocean worldwide canada, and many more! $83,000 starting average salary of graduates (2021 graduate survey) accelerated program length (total of 17 courses) "i would describe my time at odette as a journey of personal understanding and development that transformed my capabilities and career trajectory. i found that every member of staff i interacted with was committed to a common purpose of investing in students and keeping students motivated; this pushed me to becoming a better version of myself." samuel adeyemi, mba ?15 vice president, business banking western region at bmo bank of montreal world-class faculty dr. kent walker mba program director the university of windsor mba allows students from all undergraduate backgrounds to complete the program in 16 months, at one of the most affordable tuition fees in canada. experiential learning is at the heart of the program and students work with existing organizations on live issues and have the option to complete a work placement or international exchange for the final two courses. with well over 100 organizations seeking to work with our mba program in various capacities students have a large selection of organizations and industries with which to work and network. with passionate, caring, and talented faculty and staff, at an aacsb accredited university (obtained by only 5% of global business schools), and a flexible program in the final semester students will enhance their self-awareness through a meaningful educational experience. learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor! first name* last name* email address* apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about the master of business administration program ? let's talk about the master of business administration program we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
