https://oct.ca/public/media/announcements/math-proficiency-test-no-longer-a-certification-requirement
math proficiency test no longer a certification requirement | ontario college of teachers 101 bloor street west toronto on, m5s 0a1 p: 416-961-8800 toll free (ontario only): 1-888-534-2222 f: 416-961-8822 info@oct.ca [skip to main content] contact / faq / your college and you / employers / providers / fran?ais public protection subscribe for council meeting news professional standards standards of practice ethical standards professional learning framework standards review how teachers are certified professional advisories additional qualifications great teaching our free public newsletter ? the standard the standard e-newsletter - back issues program accreditation accreditation review feedback accreditation decisions program change decisions verification report decisions enhancing teacher education invite a speaker public presentations to council complaints and discipline discipline decisions hearing schedule concern/complaint process committed to improvement how complaints are resolved online concern or complaint form decision glossary investigation committee more ... sexual abuse prevention program funding for therapy and counselling frequently asked questions funding application overview professional advisories anti-black racism professional boundaries professional misconduct of a sexual nature supporting students? mental health duty to report use of electronic communication and social media responding to the bullying of students additional qualifications: extending professional knowledge more ... media news news releases media contacts council meeting protocol hearing schedule public presentations learn how you can make a public presentation at a council meeting. enewsletter keep up to date by subscribing to the standard newsletter. parents our free public newsletter ? the standard the standard e-newsletter - back issues great teaching how we support ontario students complaints and discipline decisions concern/complaint process committed to improvement how complaints are resolved online concern or complaint form hearing schedule decision glossary investigation committee more ... funding for therapy and counselling frequently asked questions funding application overview invite a speaker public presentations to council public presentations learn how you can make a public presentation at a council meeting. enewsletter keep up to date by subscribing to the standard newsletter. members members my account electronic oct card oct membership app find an aq find a teacher view certificate view your tax receipt library e-services member reporting obligations membership and other fees where my fee goes ontario regulatory body fees acceptable teaching experience sexual abuse prevention program fulfilling certificate conditions forms serving on a roster professionally speaking magazine your college and you your college and you archive complaints and discipline members' rights decisions committed to improvement hearing schedule decision glossary online concern or complaint form prescribed professional learning courses appealing discipline decisions more ... additional qualifications find an aq overview additional qualification courses and programs schedules and guidelines prerequisites for admission to additional qualifications (aq) and programs aq policy development expression of interest course providers provincial validation for draft additional qualification guidelines more ... ministries and organizations members' organizations ontario ministries organizations jobs in education professional advisories resources additional qualifications ethical standards ? anishinaabe art posters forms legislation, regulations and bylaws library professional advisories standards of practice - anishinaabe art posters transition to teaching more ... member reporting obligations notice of retirement let us know if you are retiring. retirement brochureretiring? keep your status! forms looking for a college form? find it on this page. becoming a teacher applying apply now resume application check application status re-applying appealing college registration decisions materials for consideration for teachers new to ontario requirements language requirements canadian certified teachers temporary certificate teacher education program providers sexual abuse prevention program document translation evaluation of your credentials jobs in education internationally educated teachers can i teach in ontario? information sessions for teachers educated outside of ontario obtaining documents to complete your application information sessions for internationally educated teachers proof of language proficiency required documents teaching certificates country specific information more ... transition to teaching reports resources country specific information teacher education program providers professional standards transition to teaching professional advisories legislation, regulations and bylaws forms can i teach in ontario?use our questionnaire to learn if you are likely to meet our certification requirements. resume application need to continue your application to the college? it's easy! just log in to resume. about the college mission, vision, values and strategic priorities what we do legislation, regulations and bylaws college leadership organizational chart history of the college website terms of use and conditions accessibility policies privacy code governance serving on council, committees and rosters council council members council meetings, agendas and minutes oath/affirmation and ethics public attendance at council meetings public presentations to council subscribe for council meeting news & notices committees committee members rosters of panellists roster appointees annual reports 2021 virtual annual meeting of members scholarships supporting the scholarship program meet our 2021 scholarship recipients scholarships faq careers employment opportunity subscriber list contact us invite a speaker the college speakers bureau can connect you with college professionals with expertise in the protection of the public interest. public presentations learn how you can make a public presentation at a council meeting. college leadership learn more about the people who lead the college. covid-19: information, resources and faqs home?/? public protection?/? media?/? news?/? math proficiency test no longer a certification requirement find a teacher search our public register share this page math proficiency test no longer a certification requirement january 04 2022 as a result of a recent decision of the ontario superior court of justice ? divisional court, the mathematics proficiency test (mpt) is no longer a certification requirement. the full text of the court?s decision can be viewed here. this means that evidence of successful completion of the mpt is no longer required for: applicants in order to become certified; or members in order to fulfill a condition. we are in the process of notifying affected members and applicants of this change, in addition to updating our communication materials and records, including applications, certificates and the public register (find a teacher). this process will take time to complete and we appreciate your patience. the ontario government is seeking leave to appeal the divisional court?s decision. the college will follow the proceedings and comply with any future court orders as well. share this page let's connect public protection subscribe for council meeting news professional standards great teaching our free public newsletter ? the standard program accreditation enhancing teacher education invite a speaker public presentations to council complaints and discipline sexual abuse prevention program funding for therapy and counselling professional advisories media news news releases media contacts council meeting protocol hearing schedule quick links public protection subscribe for council meeting news professional standards great teaching our free public newsletter ? the standard program accreditation enhancing teacher education invite a speaker public presentations to council complaints and discipline sexual abuse prevention program funding for therapy and counselling professional advisories media parents our free public newsletter ? the standard great teaching how we support ontario students complaints and discipline funding for therapy and counselling invite a speaker public presentations to council members members membership and other fees acceptable teaching experience discounts sexual abuse prevention program fulfilling certificate conditions serving on a roster professionally speaking magazine your college and you complaints and discipline additional qualifications ministries and organizations jobs in education professional advisories resources member reporting obligations becoming a teacher applying requirements jobs in education internationally educated teachers transition to teaching resources about the college mission, vision, values and strategic priorities what we do governance council committees rosters of panellists annual reports scholarships careers contact us 2021 virtual annual meeting of members 2020 virtual annual meeting of members 101 bloor street west, toronto on, m5s 0a1, p: 416.961.8800 / toll free (ontario only): 1.888.534.2222 / f: 416.961.8822 / info@oct.ca privacy code ? 2022 ontario college of teachers back to top
