https://apps.apple.com/us/app/mcmaster-safetyapp/id1447674814
?mcmaster safetyapp on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview mcmaster safetyapp 4+ official mcmaster safetyapp mcmaster university designed for ipad free screenshots ipad iphone description mcmaster safetyapp is the official safety app of mcmaster university. it is the only app that integrates with mcmaster's safety and security systems. mcmaster university has worked to develop a unique app that provides students, faculty and staff with added safety on the mcmaster campus. the app will send you important safety alerts and provide instant access to campus safety resources. mcmaster safetyapp features include: - emergency contacts: contact the correct services for the mcmaster area in case of an emergency or a non-emergency concern - tip reporting: report a safety/security concern directly to mcmaster security. - safety notifications: receive instant notifications and instructions from campus safety when on-campus emergencies occur. - campus maps - campus map: navigate around the mcmaster university area. - crime mapping: view recent crimes that have occurred on and near campus. - campus safety resources: access all important safety resources in one convenient app. download today and ensure that you?re prepared in the event of an emergency. what?s new apr 10, 2019 version 1.1 app name change, graphics update and performance improvements. app privacy the developer, mcmaster university, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to apple. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. no details provided the developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update. information seller mcmaster university size 11 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 8.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 8.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 8.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english age rating 4+ location this app may use your location even when it isn?t open, which can decrease battery life. copyright ? 2019 mcmaster university price free app support privacy policy app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer maceats food & drink mycbdr medical monrctc medical mcmaster psychiatry handbook reference mytransition app health & fitness gmfm app+ medical you might also like safe lancer education g1 driving test - ontario 2022 education fosterway education brock university education maceng education teachassist yrdsb education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
