https://www.uwindsor.ca/foodservices/300/meal-plans
meal plans | food services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students food services food services in this section welcome to food services information for prospective students meal plans 2021-2022 meal plan rates add money to your card change your meal plan carry forward policy off campus partners lost card? faculty & staff plan special diets & nutrition sustainability catering services conference & accommodation services customer feedback residence dining menu welcome to food services information for prospective students meal plans 2021-2022 meal plan rates add money to your card change your meal plan carry forward policy off campus partners lost card? faculty & staff plan special diets & nutrition sustainability catering services conference & accommodation services customer feedback residence dining menu uwindsor home food services meal plans meal plans how does the meal plan work? your meal plan information is encoded on your uwincard which works like a debit card. simply present your uwincard each time you make a purchase, and the total is automatically deducted from your account. the cards can also be used for purchases at our vending machines on campus, and with our off-campus partners. if you have any questions/concerns with regards to your meal plan, please contact the uwincard office at: 519-253-3000 ext. 8946 or by email: uwincard@uwindsor.ca meal plan agreement the residence meal plan is in effect for eight months from september 1, 2019 and will expire on april 23, 2020 at 3:00 pm. all students that live in residence are required to purchase a meal plan each semester. the meal plan may only be used to purchase food and non-alcoholic beverages in food services outlets designated by the university, our off-campus partners and vending machines on campus. meal plans cannot be used to purchase alcohol or gift certificates from any of our off-campus partners and may not be used to pay any other fees owed to the university of windsor. meal plan payment information meal plan fees are payable each semester with the following deadlines: august 15th (fall semester) december 15th (winter semester) payment for your meal plan is charged in two installments ? at the beginning of each semester. your meal plan will be billed with your residence & tuition fees on your sis account. payments for your meal plan need to be forwarded to the cashier's office, located in room 1118 of chrysler north building. residence meal plan accounts basic plan: a tax-exempt account for use at all food locations on campus. flex plan: a taxable account used for taxable food purchases on campus, at our convenience store, for vending purchases or at our off-campus partners. students can add money to their meal plan accounts at the uwincard office-room b-07 (basement) caw student centre (year-round). students can also add money to their meal plan accounts online (available september-april). meal plan history & balances to check your meal plan balance/history, you can do the following: ask a cashier at the time of your purchase to give you the balance on your meal plan. go to the student portal to view your meal plan balance and history for the past 30 days. go to the uwincard office located in room b-07 (basement) caw student centre (year-round) please note: meal plan balances cannot be used to pay other fees owed to the university. changing a meal plan you may switch to a lower meal plan in the first month of each semester however you can upgrade your meal plan at any time during the (fall/winter) semester. the deadline to reduce your meal plan is as follows: september 30th (fall semester) january 31st (winter semester) to change your meal plan, you may do so in person at the uwincard office (basement) caw student centre or change your meal plan online. please note that it might take up to five business days before you will see the change on your meal plan account. students are not allowed to minimize their meal plans after the deadlines above as per the residence licence & meal plan agreement. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
