https://www.uwindsor.ca/education/graduateprograms/
m.ed. and ph.d. programs | faculty of education skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of education faculty of education in this section pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries graduate programs mission and history masters program m.ed. online apply to the program admission requirements program requirements forms masters committee program calendar thesis proposal ph.d. program apply to the program admission requirements forms available courses faculty with grad status graduate academic calendar graduate assistantships graduate lounge & building access journal of teaching & learning planning your program program policies registration reminders research ethics board visiting scholars program pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries graduate programs mission and history masters program m.ed. online apply to the program admission requirements program requirements forms masters committee program calendar thesis proposal ph.d. program apply to the program admission requirements forms available courses faculty with grad status graduate academic calendar graduate assistantships graduate lounge & building access journal of teaching & learning planning your program program policies registration reminders research ethics board visiting scholars program uwindsor home faculty of education m.ed. and ph.d. programs m.ed. and ph.d. programs graduate program news important reminders: the last day to voluntarily withdraw (vw) is april 16th, 2022. the last day to submit theses for format checking is april 20th, 2022. special response fund for (ukranian) trainees: sshrc, nserc & cihr are allowing a temporary fund for all active and eligible grant-holders across the three agencies to apply for a supplement that will provide one-year relief and assistance to ukranian trainees (i.e., individuals eligible for master?s, doctoral or postdoctoral support) whose research in ukraine has been interrupted by the invasion. additionally, it enables grant-holders to retain research trainees who were expected to return to ukraine in 2022 but cannot because of the current situation. this special fund will be in effect until the end of 2022. windsor graduate office hours 9:00am -4:00pm est email: mandyd@uwindsor.ca february 28-march 3 march 21-24 april 11-14 applications for the joint phd in educational studies program 2023 academic year will open in may of 2022. see:joint phd educational studies welcome from the associate dean, graduate studies & research boozhoo, bienvenue et welcome researchers, education leads, trainers and managers, to the traditional territories of the three fires' confederacy of first nations, which includes the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomie. the masters of education (med) degree will assist you in moving your professional practice as a teacher, a vice/principal, or a staff trainer and manager further. this one-year full-time or two to three year part-time (online) academic degree and qualification will allow you to engage with educational issues of learning, teaching, mentoring and leading. we are pleased to offer master?s level programs in curriculum studies, educational administration and leadership, and second language acquisition, culture and society. pathways to completion for the m. ed. include course-based, major paper and thesis. students may also choose part-time or full-time registration and face-to-face or online classes. submit an application to the program that best suits your graduate study needs. hundreds of med and phd graduates would agree that this is a positive first step to a rewarding graduate study experience. we look forward to hearing from you. miigwetch et d?rachdan, kara smith, phd, oct, gtcs share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
