https://www.uwindsor.ca/president/297/presidents-welcome
meet the president | office of the president skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the president office of the president in this section meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us uwindsor home office of the president meet the president meet the president robert gordon, president and vice-chancellor, university of windsor robert gordon is the seventh president and vice-chancellor of the university of windsor. gordon?s appointment was effective september 1, 2019 and follows his term as provost and vice-president, academic at wilfrid laurier university which began in july 2018. gordon, a leading authority on environmental issues and agricultural engineering in canada, previously served as the university?s vice-president, research. before joining laurier, gordon was dean of the ontario agricultural college at the university of guelph, where he led the largest agriculture and food faculty in canada. gordon has also served in various academic and administrative capacities, including as dean of research at the nova scotia agricultural college ? now the faculty of agriculture at dalhousie university. he held a canada research chair in environmental resource management while at the nova scotia agricultural college. he also headed the environmental management section of the nova scotia department of agriculture, where he administered the province?s environmental farm plan program. gordon earned bachelor and master?s degrees in engineering from mcgill university, and a phd in land resource science from the university of guelph. throughout his leadership roles, gordon has also maintained a strong research profile. he has published more than 160 refereed journal articles, and has supervised more than 50 graduate students, and eight post-doctoral fellows during his career. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
