https://www.uwindsor.ca/cces/1325/book-event
meet our students | office of experiential learning skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of experiential learning office of experiential learning in this section home what is experiential learning? career development & experiential learning cooperative education & workplace partnerships for students student el faqs for faculty & staff why experiential learning? remote and online experiential learning planning for el risk management curricular el categories resources campus support for experiential learning employers recruiting guidelines mysuccess events & fairs contact us home what is experiential learning? career development & experiential learning cooperative education & workplace partnerships for students student el faqs for faculty & staff why experiential learning? remote and online experiential learning planning for el risk management curricular el categories resources campus support for experiential learning employers recruiting guidelines mysuccess events & fairs contact us uwindsor home office of experiential learning meet our students meet our students pop-up station make a statement on campus with a mobile pop-up station in a high-traffic area where you can interact with students in an open environment. coffee chats looking to connect with students in a specific faculty or area of study? set up a coffee chat to meet-and-greet students in small groups. information session engage students with an information and q&a session about your organization. let us find you a great location on campus to suit all your presentation needs. hot spot bookings promote your organization and interact with a wide variety of students by setting up a booth in the caw student centre. job fair every january, the university of windsor and st. clair college partner together to host this recruitment event for our students and graduates. sign up to be added to our mailing list. customize an event there is no greater way to represent your organization than by developing an event the way you want it! connect with our events team and develop something unique to attract career-ready talent on our campus today. hackathon / technical challenge gain a better understanding of the student?s technical ability while promoting your brand. project-based learning let us connect you with faculty where you can collaborate on projects students can complete for your organization while benefiting to the real-world application of their classroom materials community driven research let our students engage with what could drive change or impact their own communities in the way of community-driven research. let us come to you sometimes the best method of attracting talent to your organization is to bring that talent to you! let our students see your daily operations, meet your team, and see for themselves why your business stands apart from the rest. connect with our events team share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
