https://windsoressex.cmha.ca/document-category/mental-health/
mental health archives - cmha windsor-essex county skip to header navigation skip to primary navigation skip to content skip to primary sidebar skip to footer area top highlight bar need help? call the 24-hour crisis line: 519-973-4435 close highlight bar windsor-essex county about us contact us feedback form search cmha windsor-essex county... search language selectortranslate site tofran?ais covid-19 mental health services health centre specialized programs training sole focus project mental health & addictions urgent care centre news & events news events move the dial canam games get involved donate boxdonate search cmha windsor-essex county... translate site to[fran?ais] about us contact us feedback form covid-19 mental health services health centre specialized programs training sole focus project mental health & addictions urgent care centre news & events news events move the dial canam games get involved home ? mental health mental health mental health is not only the avoidance of serious mental illness. your mental health is affected by numerous factors from your daily life, including the stress of balancing work with your health and relationships. in this section you will find resources to help you stay mentally fit and healthy. anxiety disorders we all feel nervous or worried at times. this anxiety can be a helpful feeling when it motivates us or warns us of danger. an anxiety disorder, on the other hand, causes unexpected or unhelpful anxiety that seriously impacts our lives, including how we think, feel, and act.continue readinganxiety disorders borderline personality disorder borderline personality disorder personality disorders are patterns of thoughts, feelings, and behaviours that may last for a long time and create challenges in a person?s life. people who experience personality disorders may have difficulties developing healthy and satisfying relationships with others, managing their emotions well, avoiding harmful behaviour, and working toward important life goals. [?]continue readingborderline personality disorder children, youth, and depression while we may think of low mood or other challenges as adult problems, they can affect people at any age. children and teens can experience mental illnesses like depression. sometimes it can be difficult for adults to understand how difficult children?s problems can be because we look at their problems [?]continue readingchildren, youth, and depression download community resources updated march 2022.continue readingcommunity resources download (pdf)cmha-wecb community resources (revised march 2022) depression and bipolar disorder we all experience changes in our mood. sometimes we feel energetic, full of ideas, or irritable, and other times we feel sad or down. but these moods usually don?t last long, and we can go about our daily lives. depression and bipolar disorder are two mental illnesses that change the [?]continue readingdepression and bipolar disorder eating disorders every day, we are surrounded by different messages from different sources that impact the way we feel about the way we look. for some, poor body image is a sign of a serious problem: an eating disorder. eating disorders are not just about food. they are often a way to [?]continue readingeating disorders download (pdf) feeling angry we all feel angry sometimes. most of the time, we can deal with feelings of anger or irritability quickly. we may resolve the situation or look at the problem from a different perspective. however, anger can cause problems in our lives and the lives of those around us. learn more [?]continue readingfeeling angry download (pdf) getting help some people worry about asking for help because there can be stigma around mental health problems. they may believe that asking for help means admitting that something is wrong. some people worry about how others might see them. asking for help means that you want to make changes or take [?]continue readinggetting help download (pdf) grieving loss is one of life?s most stressful events. it takes time to heal, and everyone responds differently. we may need help to cope with the changes in our lives. grief is part of being human, but that doesn?t mean we have to go through the journey alone.continue readinggrieving download (pdf) mental health for life mental health is key to our well-being. we can?t be truly healthy without it. it involves how we feel, think, act, and interact with the world around us. mental health is about realizing our potential, coping with the normal stresses of life, and making a contribution to our community.continue readingmental health for life download (pdf) page 1 page 2 page 3 next page ? primary sidebarmental health navigation menu mental health mental health information suicide awareness helpful links community resources resources find help information and referral show your sole speakers bureau request for workshop/training first responders peer support mobile outreach & support team (most) the mental health and addictions urgent care centre (mhaucc) client assistance fund healthy minds 4 life income review form environmental safety self-assessment breaking free working toward wellness healthy workplace awards first responders vs. windsor crossfit team cmha-wecb team windsor crossfit team windsor police team windsor fire team windsor ems ywho test donation page retirement celebration ethical fundraising and financial accountability code footer section who we are about cmha faq contact us our vision, mission and values strategic plan our history board of directors quality improvement plan finances esc lhin msaa agreement cmha-wecb organizational scorecard cmha windsor essex receives 4 year accreditation healthy workplace awards accessibility feedback form what we do our services events get involved find us on: facebook twitter cmha windsor-essex county branch 1400 windsor avenue windsor, ontario n8x 3l9 phone: 519-255-7440 fax: 519-255-7817 e-mail: info-referral@cmha-wecb.on.ca hours: monday to friday 8:30 am ? 4:30 pm leamington location 215 talbot street east leamington, ontario n8h 3x5 phone: 519-255-7440 cmha national log in ? 2022 cmha windsor-essex county privacy policy website policy email intranet qhrnet ppm
