https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-research/360/communication-community-and-industry-partners
message to community and industry partners | office of the vice-president, research & innovation skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the vice-president, research & innovation office of the vice-president, research & innovation covid-19 research and innovation guidance celebration of excellence in research, scholarship & creative activity 2021 call 2021 nomination guide welcome covid-19 research and innovation guidance funding agency information and updates funding opportunities for covid-19 research fighting covid-19 in our community and region we-spark health institute covid-19 resources institutional information and updates covid-19 screening platform message to community and industry partners resumption of research application and forms faqs about the vice-president research and innovation services animal care research ethics research safety research finance institutes, centres and collaborations research chairs research appointments research stimulus fund draft srp for campus community review research partnerships research support fund institutional awards and fellowships contact celebration of excellence in research, scholarship & creative activity 2021 call 2021 nomination guide welcome covid-19 research and innovation guidance funding agency information and updates funding opportunities for covid-19 research fighting covid-19 in our community and region we-spark health institute covid-19 resources institutional information and updates covid-19 screening platform message to community and industry partners resumption of research application and forms faqs about the vice-president research and innovation services animal care research ethics research safety research finance institutes, centres and collaborations research chairs research appointments research stimulus fund draft srp for campus community review research partnerships research support fund institutional awards and fellowships contact uwindsor home office of the vice-president, research & innovation covid-19 research and innovation guidance message to community and industry partners message to community and industry partners may 4, 2020 dear friends and collaborators: i hope my letter finds you and your family well, despite the challenge of covid-19 and the need for physical distancing. we at the university of windsor are coping with the challenge. winter-term courses were delivered and exams were conducted online. a number of planned events had to be postponed or cancelled. research that can be carried out virtually continues uninterrupted. access to research labs on campus, however, is currently limited only to those faculty, students and staff engaged in covid-19, and other approved essential research projects. our biggest challenge regarding research has to do with projects that require lab and field work, travelling, or face-to-face interactions. the need and desire to continue research during these unprecedented times must be balanced by concerns for safety and physical distancing, and the fact that the university is operating under an ?essential-services-only? model (https://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/). we value our collaborations with you and appreciate your support of our faculty, students, and staff, especially during this challenging time. we remain committed to delivering the goals that we set out with you and your organization, if only delayed by covid-19. we are hopeful that the increased effort and new initiatives of our governments and research councils will lessen the impact, and we will share what we know when there is clarity. if you feel that the research programs that you are collaborating with us on may be unduly affected by the suspension of on-campus research, we would like to hear about your concerns. we are prepared to work with you to chart the best path forward, as well as to negotiate an extension of timelines and the research deliverables. please do not hesitate to reach out to me at vpri@uwindsor.ca and/or our colleagues at the university with whom you are working. thank you once again for your support and please stay safe. sincerely, k.w. michael siu, phd, fcic, frsc vice-president, research and innovation university of windsor share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
