https://conta.cc/3D3xXaH
message to uwindsor campus community: vaccination policy return to campus life and community e-newsletter - august 20, 2021 august 20, 2021 message to uwindsor campus community: vaccination policy dear uwindsor campus community, on tuesday, dr. kieran moore, ontario?s chief medical officer of health, announced a provincial directive stating that covid-19 vaccination policies are mandatory for a number of sectors including health care and education, among others. the provincial directive comes as the university of windsor and other post-secondary institutions across the province recently issued similar mandates in efforts to mitigate the impact of covid-19 for our campus communities and follows recommendations made by the council of ontario universities. in order to align with the provincial directive, and as we await further detailed instruction from the ministry of health, for anyone who will be on campus, at least a first dose of a health canada approved covid-19 vaccine will be required by september 7, 2021 and a second dose will be required by october 7, 2021. those who are not fully vaccinated by september 7, will be subject to regular testing protocols to access campus. accommodations can be requested for vaccination exemptions for medical reasons or under grounds protected under the ontario human rights code. further information about this will be forthcoming. with the new provincial directive, the university is also working diligently to ensure processes are in place for the following: a) proof of vaccination status all staff, faculty and students will be required to provide proof of their covid-19 vaccination. b) regular testing protocols all those who are exempt from the vaccination policy due to medical reasons or other, or those who are not vaccinated will be required to conduct regular covid-19 testing to access campus. c) mandatory vaccination education all those who are not vaccinated against covid-19 (with some exceptions) will be required to undergo a mandatory covid-19 vaccination education session. proof of covid-19 vaccination will also be required of all contractors, vendors and visitors attending campus as will regular testing protocols if proof of vaccination is not available. we know this new directive affects all areas of our institution and that you may have many questions as it relates to these new protocols. we are awaiting more detailed information from the province and will share this as soon as possible, which will include more comprehensive information in the coming days, such as details specific to next steps for students, faculty and staff. these latest measures, in addition to the robust health and safety protocols already in place for the return to campus this fall helps to ensure we are doing all we can to reduce the risk of covid-19 for our community. according to our local medical leaders, we are currently facing a fourth wave of the virus, with cases increasing locally, provincially and across the globe. vaccines reduce the likelihood of serious illness and help to offer broader public health protection. we encourage all members of our campus community to get the vaccine as soon as possible. the university is working in partnership with the windsor essex county health unit (wechu) to host a pop-up vaccine clinic on tuesday, august 24 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. and with the community response and stabilization team (crst) on friday, september 10 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the education parking lot. these clinics are barrier-free (do not require a health card or appointment) and are available for those 12 and older (or turning 12 in 2021). vaccine appointments are also readily available locally by visiting wevax.ca. we thank you for your patience and understanding as we work together to navigate these evolving circumstances surrounding the covid-19 pandemic. as we are operating in a rapidly changing environment, we will be sure to share more information as it becomes available. rob gordon, phd president & vice-chancellor patti weir, phd ?interim provost and vice-president, academic uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
