https://www.coursera.org/learn/manage-health-covid-19
mind control: managing your mental health during covid-19 | coursera explore online degreesfind your new careerfor enterprisefor universities browse top courses log in join for free list browse health psychology mind control: managing your mental health during covid-19 filled star filled star filled star filled star filled star 4.8 stars 8,212 ratings ? 2,417 reviews steve joordens enroll for free starts apr 5 financial aid available 179,918 already enrolled offered by about instructors syllabus reviews enrollment options faq mind control: managing your mental health during covid-19university of toronto enroll for free starts apr 5 about instructors syllabus reviews enrollment options faq about this course 50,816 recent views never in the history of humanity have so many people been feeling intense anxiety related to covid-19 and the world it will leave in its wake. the intent of this course is to give you a deeper understanding of the anxiety reaction as it relates to various aspects of our current life, ranging from our consumption of news to the way we talk to our children about this. i will also give you clear strategies for managing and, in fact, turning off the anxiety response at least for short periods. my sincere hope is that you will leave this course with a better understanding of how your brain reacts to crises, along with some powerful tools for managing it before it manages you. in this course we will cover: 1.1 introduction and overview 1.2 understanding the anxiety response 1.3 the necessity of strategies to manage anxiety 1.4 achieving relaxation: a skill we all need to learn now 2.1 why watching the news is addicting and how to manage your consumption 2.2 the critical art of mental distraction to crowd out stressors 2.3 how we think about physical distancing and explaining it to our children 3.1 the effects of isolation 3.2 some strategies to make isolation more tolerable 3.3 the importance of social connection in a physical distancing world 4.1 the need to guard against depression: the importance of control 4.2 bring it together: practice makes proficient 4.3 invitation to suggest additional videos user learner career outcomes career direction 12% started a new career after completing these courses career benefit 21% got a tangible career benefit from this course flexible deadlines flexible deadlines reset deadlines in accordance to your schedule. shareable certificate shareable certificate earn a certificate upon completion 100% online 100% online start instantly and learn at your own schedule. beginner level beginner level hours to complete approx. 3 hours to complete available languages english subtitles: arabic, french, portuguese (european), greek, italian, vietnamese, german, russian, english, spanish, hungarian user learner career outcomes career direction 12% started a new career after completing these courses career benefit 21% got a tangible career benefit from this course flexible deadlines flexible deadlines reset deadlines in accordance to your schedule. shareable certificate shareable certificate earn a certificate upon completion 100% online 100% online start instantly and learn at your own schedule. beginner level beginner level hours to complete approx. 3 hours to complete available languages english subtitles: arabic, french, portuguese (european), greek, italian, vietnamese, german, russian, english, spanish, hungarian instructor instructor rating 4.8/5 (3,679 ratings) info steve joordensprofessor department of psychology 572,538 learners 4 courses offered by university of toronto established in 1827, the university of toronto is one of the world?s leading universities, renowned for its excellence in teaching, research, innovation and entrepreneurship, as well as its impact on economic prosperity and social well-being around the globe. go to previous testimonial go to next testimonial 1 2 3 syllabus - what you will learn from this course content rating thumbs up 99%(16,177 ratings) info week 1 week 1 hours to complete 1 hour to complete the machinery underlying anxiety and how to control it this module is intended to introduce you to the nervous system underlying your anxiety response (the sympathetic nervous system) and also to its opposite side, the relaxation (or parasympathetic nervous system). you will learn that the best way to shut down anxiety is to learn how to put your body in a relaxed state. i guided relaxation audio file is also provided with the fourth video to help you practice learning to relax. hours to complete 1 hour to complete reading 4 videos (total 47 min), 1 reading, 1 quiz see all video 4 videos introduction and overview10m understanding the anxiety response13m the necessity of strategies to manage anxiety8m good relaxation: a skill we all know to learn now14m reading 1 reading guided relaxation audio10m quiz 1 practice exercise end of module knowledge check week 2 week 2 hours to complete 1 hour to complete managing anxiety by managing your environment another way to manage your anxiety is by being careful about what stimuli and activities you expose yourself to. some make your more anxious, some counter anxiety. by understanding the effects these have you can choose experiences wisely. hours to complete 1 hour to complete reading 3 videos (total 43 min) see all video 3 videos the news: your friend and enemy10m crowding out anxiety using distractions14m the importance of social relations17m quiz 1 practice exercise end of module knowledge check week 3 week 3 hours to complete 1 hour to complete understanding and managing the effects of isolation many if not most of us are not either quarantined or living in self-isolation. in this module i'll help students understand some of the psychological reactions they may have to isolation and, once again, how to manage one's emotional states to ultimately tolerate what is an unnatural way of living. hours to complete 1 hour to complete reading 3 videos (total 46 min) see all video 3 videos the importance of control17m the effects of isolation11m strategies for managing isolation16m quiz 1 practice exercise week three knowledge check week 4 week 4 hours to complete 9 minutes to complete summary hours to complete 9 minutes to complete reading 1 video (total 9 min) see all video 1 video summary and invitation8m reviews 4.8 filled star filled star filled star filled star filled star 2417 reviews 5 stars 84.68% 4 stars 12.78% 3 stars 1.69% 2 stars 0.38% 1 star 0.45% top reviews from mind control: managing your mental health during covid-19 filled star filled star filled star filled star filled star by vsjul 19, 2020 the course is very insightful. the topics were carefully and simply taught by prof. joordens. it's easy to understand and has helped a lot in understanding how our minds work esp during this pandemic. filled star filled star filled star filled star filled star by amjul 17, 2020 so grateful that a course like this exists. i found the information that was presented easy to understand and in such a way that small changes to my daily routine seem manageable. thank you very much! filled star filled star filled star filled star filled star by rkmay 17, 2021 exceptional course. dr steve has explained all concepts in very practical and logical ways, and kept it very concise and eloquent. it is engaging and interesting to watch and incredibly informative. filled star filled star filled star filled star filled star by hpjun 15, 2020 during this time where the whole world is going trough a very rough time,it is very imp for the people to take care of their mental health and thanks to this course!it has taught me lot many things. view all reviews frequently asked questions when will i have access to the lectures and assignments? access to lectures and assignments depends on your type of enrollment. if you take a course in audit mode, you will be able to see most course materials for free. to access graded assignments and to earn a certificate, you will need to purchase the certificate experience, during or after your audit. if you don't see the audit option: the course may not offer an audit option. you can try a free trial instead, or apply for financial aid. the course may offer 'full course, no certificate' instead. this option lets you see all course materials, submit required assessments, and get a final grade. this also means that you will not be able to purchase a certificate experience. what will i get if i purchase the certificate? when you purchase a certificate you get access to all course materials, including graded assignments. upon completing the course, your electronic certificate will be added to your accomplishments page - from there, you can print your certificate or add it to your linkedin profile. if you only want to read and view the course content, you can audit the course for free. is financial aid available? yes, coursera provides financial aid to learners who cannot afford the fee. apply for it by clicking on the financial aid link beneath the "enroll" button on the left. you?ll be prompted to complete an application and will be notified if you are approved. learn more. more questions? visit the learner help center. coursera footer start or advance your career google data analyst google project management google ux design google it support ibm data science ibm data analyst ibm data analytics with excel and r ibm cybersecurity analyst ibm data engineering ibm full stack cloud developer facebook social media marketing facebook marketing analytics salesforce sales development representative salesforce sales operations intuit bookkeeping preparing for google cloud certification: cloud architect preparing for google cloud certification: cloud data engineer launch your career prepare for a certification advance your career browse popular topics free courses learn a language python java web design sql cursos gratis microsoft excel project management cybersecurity human resources data science free courses speaking english content writing full stack web development artificial intelligence c programming communication skills blockchain see all courses popular courses and articles skills for data science teams data driven decision making software engineering skills soft skills for engineering teams management skills marketing skills skills for sales teams product manager skills skills for finance popular data science courses in the uk beliebte technologiekurse in deutschland popular cybersecurity certifications popular it certifications popular sql certifications marketing manager career guide project manager career guide python programming skills web developer career guide data analyst skills skills for ux designers earn a degree or certificate online mastertrack? certificates professional certificates university certificates mba & business degrees data science degrees computer science degrees data analytics degrees public health degrees social sciences degrees management degrees degrees from top european universities master's degrees bachelor's degrees degrees with a performance pathway bsc courses what is a bachelor's degree? how long does a master's degree take? is an online mba worth it? 7 ways to pay for graduate school see all certificates coursera about what we offer leadership careers catalog coursera plus professional certificates mastertrack? certificates degrees for enterprise for government for campus become a partner coronavirus response community learners partners developers beta testers translators blog tech blog teaching center more press investors terms privacy help accessibility contact articles directory affiliates learn anywhere ? 2022 coursera inc. all rights reserved.
