https://www.uwindsor.ca/education/mission
mission and history | faculty of education skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of education faculty of education in this section pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries pre-service & undergraduate programs continuing teacher education programs graduate programs contact directory welcome from the dean mission and history scholarship, awards & bursaries uwindsor home faculty of education mission and history mission and history our mission the faculty of education, university of windsor, promotes the professional and scholarly growth of teachers at all levels as reflective, caring, competent and innovative educators. we advance knowledge and contribute to the improvement of pedagogical practice through our teaching, research, scholarly activities, community service and development. our undertakings are informed and shaped by a commitment to equity and social justice. faculty history the predecessor of the faculty of education, university of windsor, was the windsor teachers? college, which was founded in 1962. with the publication and governmental acceptance of the macleod report, teacher education was placed in the universities. the faculty of education, university of windsor, was established on july 1, 1970, becoming the seventh faculty in the university. the new faculty of education was located in the original windsor teachers? college in south windsor. the students, however, shared the athletics, social, and library facilities with the students on the main campus of the university where long-range plans called for the construction of a new faculty of education building. in 1992, the faculty of education was relocated to the main campus of the university of windsor in a building vacated by the school of business administration (renamed the odette school of business in 2000). share tweet save important links associate teacher resources career news for teacher candidates ontario ministry of education curriculum teaching resources why uwindsor? service learning for b.ed. students beginning time teachings leadership experience for academic direction mile urban education reciprocal learning program vulnerability, marginalization, and education alumni assumption teacher honoured by university of chicago award to recognize grad for 35 years as an educator uwindsor grad awarded prime minister?s award for teaching excellence experiencing the overseas classroom teaching abroad teaching under the northern lights education outside the classroom teach for canada - one student's experience share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
