https://register.continue.uwindsor.ca/search/publicCourseSearchDetails.do?method=load&courseId=1983557
mmba 7107 strategic management essentials | university of windsor the following fields are required: error has occurred. please reload this page and try the operation again. skip to main content login menu student login instructor login toggle navigation student login instructor login courses programs request information search results search again mmba 7107 - strategic management essentials 1983557 delivery options online email this information to yourself or a friend remind me of this course at a later date course inquiry print version loading... sections available for registration course description this class is designed to develop strategic problem-solving abilities of students in the minimba program. the focus of the course is on the application of the strategic management process, strategy principles, analytical frameworks and tools by using a combination of lectures, readings and active learning through case studies. in this intense, nine-hour online module, students wear the hat of the ceo and learn how a chief executive officer applies strategy principles, conducts problem solving cross functional barriers and formulates viable business strategies in order to achieve competitive advantage for the organization in the industries. this course applies towards the following certificates: minimba learner outcomes learners who successfully complete the module will be able to: differentiate strategic problem solving from other forms of problem solving in business management. explain the process of strategic management in complex business environments. apply strategy principles, fundamental tools and frameworks when conducting strategic analysis. assess the viability of business strategy in case studies. improve business communication skills in writing and through public presentations. learners will actively participate in online classes and complete a combination of assignments and case studies. learners will be assigned a grade of "complete or incomplete" upon completion. notes this course is offered through blackboard collaborate. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. blackboard requirements all course details can be accessed through blackboard. a link will be provided through email and you will have access the first day of class. please activate your uwinid. your uwinid and password are needed to access blackboard. if you have any issues, please contact continue@uwindsor.ca. blackboard.uwindsor.ca works best with google chrome. you can also use firefox or safari. it is suggested that you avoid using internet explorer. there is a ?navigating your online course? module and technical tutorials that you can review for a brief orientation to blackboard once you log in. feel free to review the full blackboard preferred system requirements. prerequisites minimum admission requirements include: basic computer skills or course completion in fundamental computer applications such as word experience working with word processing, email and web browsing english language proficiency some post-secondary education (recommended) at least 3 years related work experience (recommended) proof of any of the above admission requirements may be requested. loading... enroll now - select a section to enroll in mmba 7107 - 002 expand or collapse mmba 7107 - 002 spring 2022 ce online available add to cart section title strategic management essentials section schedule may 28, 2022 to jun 11, 2022 schedule view details contact hours 9.0 location on-line course delivery options online course fee(s) fee non-credit $500.00 potential discount(s) ce uwindsor staff discount ce uwindsor alumni discount ce uwindsor student discount ce 10% bundle mmba discount instructors tony mao section notes please review the registration and refund policies required fields are indicated by . contact us log in / password assistance policies terms and conditions join our e-newsletter we use cookies to help give you the best experience on our website. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, we assume you agree to this. please read our cookie policy and privacy policy to find out more. session time-out for security reasons and the protection of your personal information, your session will time out due to a period of inactivity in minute(s) and second(s). click extend my session to continue. for security reasons and the protection of your personal information, your session timed out after a period of inactivity. you will be redirected to the home page. extend my session ok confirm ok cancel alert ok close dialog mmba 7107 - 002 - strategic management essentials processing... close close dialog online close close dialog fee description $500.00 + hst close close dialog ce uwindsor staff discount code ce uwindsor staff discount (dc0001) description university of windsor faculty and staff are eligible for a 5% discount. how do i get the university of windsor faculty / staff discount promo code? email continue@uwindsor.ca with your first name and last name, we will send you the discount code. this offer is not valid with any other discounts. amount 5.00% close close dialog ce uwindsor alumni discount code ce 10% uwindsor alumni discount (dc0004) description university of windsor alumni are eligible for a 10% discount. how do i get the university of windsor alumni discount promo code? email continue@uwindsor.ca with your first name, last name and uwin student number, we will send you the discount code. this offer is not valid with any other discounts. amount 10.00% close close dialog ce uwindsor student discount code ce uwindsor student discount (dc0025) description current university of windsor students are eligible for a 5% discount. how do i get the university of windsor student discount promo code? email continue@uwindsor.ca with your first name, last name and uwin student number, we will send you the discount code. this offer is not valid with any other discounts. amount 5.00% close close dialog ce 10% bundle mmba discount code 10%bundlemmba (dc0045) description receive a 10% discount for registering in all 6 minimba courses at the same time. during checkout, be sure to select the ?apply a discount? option next to each eligible course. enter the code 10%bundlemmba this discount applies to all 6 courses in the minimba certificate. this offer is not valid with any other discounts amount 10.00% close close dialog tony mao tony mao is a business professor and a strategy consultant with over thirty years of global business experience as an entrepreneur and a senior manager for multinational companies. he is the founder of km consulting, a consultant entity specializing in international expansion and organizational change management. he has taught capstone strategy courses in the undergraduate, graduate and professional levels for over fifteen years. as an educator, his goal is to be a great teacher who inspires his students to be self-motivated lifelong learners. close processing... close dialog privacy policy the information collected by continuing education and continuing teacher education is collected under the authority of the university of windsor act, 1962 and senate bylaw 33 of the university of windsor. this collection is compliant with the freedom of information and protection of privacy act (fippa) of the province of ontario and will be used for the purpose of administration of continuing education programs. if you have any questions about the collection of this information please contact continuing education at 519.253.3000 ext. 6721 or continue@uwindsor.ca. you can also contact continuing teacher education at 519. 253.3000 ext. 6734 or by email at ib@uwindsor.ca or aq@uwindsor.ca. close close dialog cookie policy cookie policy this statement explains how we use cookies on our website. for information about what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the website, and how this information will be used, please see our privacy policy. how we use cookies all of our web pages use "cookies". a cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree. these cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and enables us to improve our website. types of cookies we use we use the following types of cookies: strictly necessary cookies- these are essential in to enable you to move around the websites and use their features. without these cookies the services you have asked for, such as signing in to your account, cannot be provided. performance cookies- these cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often. we use this information to improve our websites and to aid us in investigating problems raised by visitors. these cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. functionality cookies- these cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide more personal features. for instance, a functional cookie can be used to remember the items that you have placed in your shopping cart. the information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. to find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. specific cookies we use the list below identify the cookies we use and explain the purposes for which they are used. we may update the information contained in this section from time to time. jsessionid: this cookie is used by the application server to identify a unique user's session. registrartoken: this cookie is used to remember items that you have added to your shopping cart locale: this cookie is used to remember your locale and language settings. cookieconsent_status: this cookie is used to remember if you've already dismissed the cookie consent notice. _ga_ua-########: these cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. we use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. the cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. this anonymized visitor and browsing information is stored in google analytics. changes to our cookie statement any changes we may make to our cookie policy in the future will be posted on this page. close
