https://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/392/more-degree
more than a degree | faculty of graduate studies skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news faculty of graduate studies about us / contacts about us / contacts winter term 2022 the windsor advantage our location more than a degree support graduate studies contact us about us / contacts winter term 2022 the windsor advantage our location more than a degree support graduate studies contact us follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home faculty of graduate studies about us / contacts more than a degree more than a degree pursuing a graduate degree is no small undertaking. between classes, research requirements, on or off campus working opportunities, and extra-curricular activities, it is easy for many students to fall behind. here at uwindsor, our students raise the bar! through the support services we offer, students are given the foundation to not only survive, but to thrive. by assisting our students perfect their organization, time-management, and work ethic while prioritizing their health and wellness, students are able to go above and beyond, putting their degree to work outside of just the classroom or the lab. the stories below highlight the efforts of our students as they excel in efforts that range from entrepreneurial to philanthropic. know a student who you think should be featured? contact graduate studies. glier researcher uses her muscles to combat pollution an environmental science masters student and glier researcher in the weisner lab is using her degree and experience to undo the damage done by the coal mines in new zealand ... learn more about sara's story. environmental engineering student looks to make an inpact dylan verburg is a student in environment engineering. he is also the co-founder of inpact collective, a social enterprise aimed at importing artisan products from india and reselling them in canada. the profits gained help promote educational empowerment in india. the idea for this business was sparked during dylan's first visit to india as part of his research work deploying equipment in a drainage pond outside the indian capital of new delhi in an attempt to improve water quality... learn more about dylan's story. fine arts grad combines research and creativity to study intersectionality of her heritage at the start of her degree program, recent master's of fine arts graduate,talysha bujold-abu, aimed to use her research skills, creativity, and passion for visual art to understand the multiplexity of her heritage and what it means to be a mixed-race person but ended up getting far more than she bargained for ... learn more about talysha's story. weisener lab makes a splash in water purification and conservation from graduate research opportunities, to current industry collaborations (both locally and abroad), to post-graduate academic and employment options, graduate students of the weisener lab are guaranteed a future full of promise ... learn more about the weisener lab share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter grad news your voice counts: take the canadian graduate and professional student survey faculty of graduate studies 2nd annual twitter-based graduate showcase: may 18 2022-23 nserc undergraduate student research awards (usra) deadlines for graduate scholarship competitions 2021-22 canada graduate scholarships - 2022 master's (cgs-m) competition for cihr, nserc or sshrc more news upcoming events last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 final oral defense: mitchell branget (m.f.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 final oral defense: cindy ly (m.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
