https://www.uwindsor.ca/648576/msc-thesis-proposal-announcement-kevin-shiautomated-feature-engineering-automl-using-genetic
msc thesis proposal announcement of kevin shi:"automated feature engineering for automl using genetic algorithms" | school of computer science skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi school of computer science school of computer science in this section welcome new to the school of computer science? news events undergraduate programs graduate programs experiential education in computer science (co-op) research members of the school faculty limited term sessional instructors staff student representatives academic planning and resources technical resources for students financial resources for students contact us welcome new to the school of computer science? news events undergraduate programs graduate programs experiential education in computer science (co-op) research members of the school faculty limited term sessional instructors staff student representatives academic planning and resources technical resources for students financial resources for students contact us uwindsor home school of computer science msc thesis proposal announcement of kevin shi:"automated feature engineering for automl using genetic algorithms" msc thesis proposal announcement of kevin shi:"automated feature engineering for automl using genetic algorithms" tuesday, april 19, 2022 - 15:00 to 16:00 school of computer science the school of computer science is pleased to present? msc thesis proposal by: kevin shi date: tuesday, april 19, 2022 time: 3:00 pm ? 4:00 pm meeting url: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/84241930556?from=addon passcode: if interested in attending this event, contact the graduate secretary at csgradinfo@uwindsor.ca with sufficient notice before the event to obtain the passcode. abstract: currently, automated machine learning (automl) is a technique that can assist machine learning practitioners with the automated creation of machine learning pipelines. following an empirical evaluation of automl tools, common weaknesses were identified, including the limited feature engineering support present in most automl tools. in this thesis, we will aim to augment existing automl with a feature engineering model based on genetic algorithms. the main objective of our proposed model is to maximize the performance of the automl tools while limiting the total amount of training time needed. the performance of the proposed model will be evaluated on cybersecurity datasets and compared with existing automl tools. keywords: automated machine learning, optimization, genetic algorithm msc thesis committee: internal reader: dr. dan wu external reader: dr. ahmed azab advisor: dr. sherif saad msc thesis proposal announcement 5113 lambton tower 401 sunset ave. windsor on, n9b 3p4 (519) 253-3000 ext. 3716 csgradinfo@uwindsor.ca (working remotely) share tweet save cs events phd seminar / colloquium presentation of soroush ziaeinejad:"an introduction to seera, a python-based framework for future community prediction " fri, 04/08/2022 - 11:00 msc thesis defense announcement of sheena hora:"segceco: subgraph embedding of gene expression matrix for prediction of cell-cell communication" fri, 04/15/2022 - 13:00 msc thesis proposal announcement of kevin shi:"automated feature engineering for automl using genetic algorithms" tue, 04/19/2022 - 15:00 wicys windsor twitter tweets by wicyswindsor computer science society instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by uwin computer science society (@uwindsorcss) share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
