https://www.uwindsor.ca/648590/msc-thesis-defense-announcement-sheena-horasegceco-subgraph-embedding-gene-expression-matrix
msc thesis defense announcement of sheena hora:"segceco: subgraph embedding of gene expression matrix for prediction of cell-cell communication" | school of computer science skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi school of computer science school of computer science in this section welcome new to the school of computer science? news events undergraduate programs graduate programs experiential education in computer science (co-op) research members of the school faculty limited term sessional instructors staff student representatives academic planning and resources technical resources for students financial resources for students contact us welcome new to the school of computer science? news events undergraduate programs graduate programs experiential education in computer science (co-op) research members of the school faculty limited term sessional instructors staff student representatives academic planning and resources technical resources for students financial resources for students contact us uwindsor home school of computer science msc thesis defense announcement of sheena hora:"segceco: subgraph embedding of gene expression matrix for prediction of cell-cell communication" msc thesis defense announcement of sheena hora:"segceco: subgraph embedding of gene expression matrix for prediction of cell-cell communication" friday, april 15, 2022 - 13:00 to 15:00 school of computer science the school of computer science is pleased to present? msc thesis defense by: sheena hora date: friday april 15, 2022 time: 1:00pm-3:00pm meeting url: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/82488034018?from=addon passcode: if interested in attending this event, contact the graduate secretary at csgradinfo@uwindsor.ca with sufficient notice before the event to obtain the passcode. abstract: recently, graph-structured data has become increasingly developed in a variety of fields from biological networks to social networks. while link prediction is one of the key problems in graph theory, cell-cell communication regulates individual cell activities and is a crucial part of tissue structure and function. in this regard, recent advances in single-cell rna sequencing technologies have eased routine analyses of intercellular signaling networks. previous studies work on various link prediction approaches. these approaches have certain assumptions about when nodes are likely to interact, and thus, showing high performance for some specific networks. subgraph-based methods have solved this problem and outperformed other approaches by extracting local subgraphs from a given network. in this work, we present a novel method, called subgraph embedding of gene expression matrix for prediction of cell-cell communication (segceco), which uses an attributed graph convolutional neural network to predict cell-cell communication from single-cell rna-seq data. segceco captures the latent as well as explicit attributes of undirected, attributed graphs constructed from gene expression profile of individual cells. our comparative analysis shows that segceco outperforms latent feature-based approaches, as well as the state-of-the-art method for link prediction, wlnm, with 99% roc area under the curve and 99% prediction accuracy. keywords: cell-cell communication, link prediction, single-cell rna seq, latent feature approaches, graph convolutional neural network, subgraph embedding. msc thesis committee: internal reader: dr. jianguo lu external reader: dr. ning zhang advisor: dr. luis rueda chair: dr. pooya moradian zadeh msc thesis defense announcement 5113 lambton tower 401 sunset ave. windsor on, n9b 3p4 (519) 253-3000 ext. 3716 csgradinfo@uwindsor.ca share tweet save cs events phd seminar / colloquium presentation of soroush ziaeinejad:"an introduction to seera, a python-based framework for future community prediction " fri, 04/08/2022 - 11:00 msc thesis defense announcement of sheena hora:"segceco: subgraph embedding of gene expression matrix for prediction of cell-cell communication" fri, 04/15/2022 - 13:00 msc thesis proposal announcement of kevin shi:"automated feature engineering for automl using genetic algorithms" tue, 04/19/2022 - 15:00 wicys windsor twitter tweets by wicyswindsor computer science society instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by uwin computer science society (@uwindsorcss) share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
