https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/2022-03-10/muslim-women-resist-ayesha-mian-akrams-phd-study
"muslim women resist:" ayesha mian akram's phd study | office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion in this section about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us uwindsor home office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion "muslim women resist:" ayesha mian akram's phd study "muslim women resist:" ayesha mian akram's phd study by shayna brissett-foster and lila iriburiro happy ayesha mian akram is a doctoral candidate at the university of windsor?s department of sociology and criminology. she holds a master?s degree in educational policy studies from the university of alberta, where she conducted a qualitative project to study how racism impacts the identity negotiations of canadian-born muslim women who practice hijab. her research is rooted in the intersections of anti-racism studies, religion, gender, and subjectivity. as a doctoral candidate, ayesha is currently conducting a study on muslim women?s community building and resistance to anti-muslim racism. ayesha?s study is a community-based project being conducted locally in windsor, ontario and is funded by the social sciences and humanities research council of canada (sshrc). currently, she works with a group of muslim women from diverse positionalities, including race, age, educational background, employment sector, and veiling practices. in the current climate of anti-muslim racism, her project focuses on the importance of the community, for muslim women to have a space to reconnect with one another, nurture one another, be each other?s strength and support, and take care of themselves and each other. the goal of her doctorate proposal is to create a community for and by muslim women to uplift each other as a means of countering the hate and violence of today?s society. as a timeline, fall of 2015 marks ayesha?s entrance into the doctoral program and since then her graduate work has taken its own course. ayesha shares the academic and personal reasons that contributed to her original proposal?s evolved nature that better reflects who she is as a researcher, academic, and woman today. the socio-political moment amplified by the pandemic and two parental leaves were pivotal events within the journey of the project. ayesha already defended her doctoral proposal in spring 2021, completing the formal component. the ensuing steps thereafter include completing a full draft, which ayesha hopes to complete soon. although there is no specific end date, she plans to have a final version done by next year. ayesha?s phd study is conducted through the methodology of qualitative research. the fundamental reason why this project arose was for the purpose of exploring the political subjectivities of muslim women in diasporic settings within a constantly changing environment. essentially, honouring muslim women, their experiences, as well as practicing self-care and that of each other is at the core of ayesha?s project. edi ? published on mar 10th, 2022 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
