https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/my-ssp/id1112006222
?my ssp on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com/ca cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview my ssp 4+ 24/7 student support program morneau shepell inc designed for iphone 3.3 ? 118 ratings free iphone screenshots description created by clinical and cultural experts, the my ssp app helps students succeed by providing access to morneau shepell?s student support program (my ssp). students can access the program anytime, from anywhere, to connect with multilingual clinicians experienced in working with students from diverse backgrounds and who understand the challenges that students face. my ssp: ? is free to download and available worldwide in four languages (chinese, english, french, and spanish) ? features real-time, confidential and culturally relevant support in various languages for any of life?s challenges ? allows students to call or chat with a my ssp counselor 24/7 ? provides students with an opportunity to connect with someone who speaks their language and understands their culture ? has multimedia content aimed at promoting health and wellbeing, produced specifically for busy students what?s new mar 15, 2022 version 8.0.0 bug fixes and performance improvements ratings and reviews 3.3 out of 5 118 ratings 118 ratings kuwuko , 2022-01-29 its ok i had a really hard time finding someone available, and when i did, some councilors were just trying to get rid of me. the other councilors were extremely nice though, i find a lot of potential in this app, it helped me a lot at times when i was able to reach someone. caperfella902 , 2020-03-11 great app this is a great app for getting advice on anything you may be having issues with, this can really help someone out who needs it !! developer response , thanks for taking the time to review our app. we?re happy to find you?re enjoying your experience. we?ll be glad to let our team know! ggg. ksg jy , 2020-02-01 nah it?s always busy. developer response , thank for your feedback, we are always looking for ways to improve your experience and will forward your concerns to our service team. app privacy the developer, morneau shepell inc, indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer's privacy policy. data not collected the developer does not collect any data from this app. privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller morneau shepell size 28.6 mb category health & fitness compatibility iphone requires ios 11.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 11.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english age rating 4+ copyright ? morneau shepell inc. price free app support privacy policy app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer myabiliti health & fitness my migo health & fitness nyu wellness exchange health & fitness my iswp health & fitness saving.simply finance abiliticbt health & fitness you might also like maple - 24/7 online doctors medical telus health mycare medical ecu rec and wellness health & fitness niagara health navigator medical bc covid-19 support medical medeo virtual healthcare medical more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. canada (english) fran?ais copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy use of cookies terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
