https://www.uwindsor.ca/alumni/304/networking
networking | alumni association skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students alumni association alumni association in this section make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association benefits & services networking uwindsor ten thousand coffees: online networking and mentorship multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding update your information contact us make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association benefits & services networking uwindsor ten thousand coffees: online networking and mentorship multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding update your information contact us uwindsor home alumni association networking networking connecting alumni, students, and friends. linkedin this social networking website is complimentary to both alumni and students. join thousands of alumni already connected! participate in a discussion group or create a new one; post a career opportunity or search for a new one. the linkedin group offers you the opportunity to network with alumni, students, friends, and professionals in your field. visit the uwindsor linkedin group. connecting alumni looking to connect with former classmates? our privacy policy restricts us from releasing personal contact information. however, there are several ways to help you locate a lost friend and/or former classmate. join us on online: uwindsor alumni instagram uwindsor alumni twitter uwindsor linkedin uwindsor facebook uwindsor twitter uwindsor youtube uwindsor flickr uwindsor app consider helping to organize a reunion for your class, club or team. we have a number of tools to make your planning easy. to get started, visit the page details on planning a reunion or contact the office of alumni affairs at alumni@uwindsor.ca or (519) 971-3618. provide us with the name of the person you wish to contact, and give us your best guess as to grad year/program. if we?re able to find contact information on file, we?ll touch base with the individual on your behalf, to determine if they are agreeable to communicating with you. use the online alumni information update form when you move, change jobs, receive a promotion, marry or have children. with your consent, we will feature your update in a future issue of uwindsor?s view magazine (print and online versions). the magazine is distributed to some 60,000 alumni and friends semi annually. events & reunions the alumni association is always working on a number of events and reunions. play in the annual alumni & friends golf tournament, meet for an alumni reception in your area or help to plan a reunion for your class or group. share tweet save donate now other university events university players windsor lancers music concerts humanities research group follow us uwindsor alumni instagram uwindsor alumni twitter uwindsor alumni flickr uwindsor twitter uwindsor linkedin uwindsor facebook uwindsor youtube uwindsor app useful links manage uwin account diploma framing transcripts co-op, career and employment services continuing education alumni news grant to help alumna scale literacy programs alum attributes success to strong black male mentorship and ancestral strength university to discontinue google services on april 30 webinar promises info on film funding program uwindsor alumnus named officer of the order of canada more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
