https://www.uwindsor.ca/nursing/511/news-and-events
news & events | faculty of nursing skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of nursing about us admissions & programs current students research awards & scholarships employment opportunities contact us faculty of nursing in this section dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links dean's message about us admission & program information resources for current students nursing visa screen application process faculty & staff awards & scholarships news & events research giving clubs and chapters contact us useful links uwindsor home faculty of nursing news & events news & events nursing announcements nursing student sylwia borawski receives 2021 board of governors medal nursing faculty recognized at celebration of teaching excellence 2018 dr. edward cruz attains canadian certified nurse educator designation fabrice mowbray recipient of odyssey award more nursing daily news university community mourns death of retired nursing professor sheila dresen funding boost to address demand for nurses researchers seek to help lgbtq2+ population navigate cancer journey more nursing news appreciate your surroundings, says top-achieving grad: congratulations to nursing graduand grace mcleod on the receipt of the governor general's silver medal award for most outstanding student in her graduating cohort. to read the full story and comments from grace, click on full article a contest was held by the faculty of nursing during nursing week (may 10-16, 2021) inviting nursing students to "share your story" as it related to who inspired you to become a registered nurse, the inspiration behind choosing nursing as a career and how your learning has been positively impacted in the nursing program. the faculty of nursing would like to announce the three winners: megan biscan, year 2 nursing (class of 2023) - to read megan's essay, click the first time i saw her name ashley cotter, year 4 nursing (class of 2021) - to read ashley's essay, click whenever i had feelings of doubt in this program derek legault, year 4 nursing (class of 2021) - to read derek's essay, click when i was really young nursing prof running covid field hospital in new york city (daily news article april 29, 2020) rnao nursing research interest group names university of windsor graduate recipient of nursing research award- adriana congi is the winner of the rnao nursing research interest group award with her paper "what nursing research means to me". her topic focuses on what research means to her and how she would integrate research into her clinical practice. congratulations to adriana on her award and for accepting a position in the icu at wrh. congratulations goes out to nursing student alexandra zalewski who won the sigma-tau upsilon chapter-anna gupta outstanding undergraduate student award. jennifer judith hamel is the recent recipient of the board of governors medal awarded to the graduating student with the highest academic standing. congratulations jennifer! rnfoo has announced victoria dobrowolski as a recipient of the 2021 rnfoo undergraduate scholarship, year 1-2. a virtual gala will be held to honour her and other recipients. congratulations to victoria on her outstanding success! rnfoo has announced keri lynn durocher as the recipient of the 2021 rnfoo evelyn cameron memorial bursary-pediatric nurses interest group (pednig). this award honours registered nurses who are enrolled in education at the baccalaureate or graduate level with a focus on pediatric nursing and are members of the rnao pediatric nurses interest group with a commitment to advancing the practice of pediatric nursing in ontario. keri completed her master's degree in nursing at the university of windsor and is pursuing her phd at western. congratulations to keri on her outstanding accomplishments! nursing resources covid-19 update and faq from the faculty of nursing nursing events come join us as we explore career opportunities brought to you by the faculty of nursing and career developement and experiential learning. please visit fall 2020 career exploration series for the complete list or visit the faculty of nursing homepage to see the current session offered. the faculty of nursing is presenting the sheila cameron research forum 2020 being held from september 2020 to march 2021. come be part of this informative event. do you need to recharge your batteries? come and engage with some extraordinary national leaders in mental health and wellness. to rsvp to the chancellor's leadership series event-resilience in times of change and uncertainty, please visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/president/305/chancellor?s-leadership-series share tweet save tweets by uwinnursing share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
