https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/474/archive
news archive | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus latest news return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news video gallery archive available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news video gallery archive available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus latest news news archive news archive update september 27, 2021 - accessing campus: screen and scan prior to coming to campus, you must complete the daily covid-19 self-assessment questionnaire. the safe lancer app is the easiest way to complete this important screening process. with your green (approved) badge, you'll use the app to scan at qr code scanners located at designated entrances in all campus buildings. maps featuring the location of designated building entrances are available at this link. click here to read more. update september 24, 2021 - attestation deadline dear students, faculty and staff, as per the mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy, all uwindsor students, faculty and staff are required to complete the vaccination attestation form at uwindsor.ca/vaccine by no later than october 7, 2021, regardless of your vaccination status or whether or not you are currently studying or working on campus. click here to read more. update september 20, 2021 - vaccine policy the health and safety of our campus remains a top priority. the mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy was enacted and supported with the intention to encourage a higher rate of vaccination for our faculty, staff and students. the university is also obligated under the provincial mandate to enact and enforce this covid-19 vaccination policy, including weekly reporting to the ministry of colleges and universities. as deputy minister shelley tapp has recently shared, ?institutions should be prepared for weekly reporting to support the ministry (of colleges and universities) and our colleagues in the ministry of health and office of the chief medical officer of health to closely monitor vaccine rates and the implementation of vaccine policies during the start of the fall semester?. faculty and staff who are not adhering to the vaccination policy as of october 7, regardless of whether you are currently working on campus or not, will be deemed to have made themselves unavailable for work. click here to read more. update september 13, 2021 - campus spaces: outdoor tents looking for study space? outdoor tented study spaces are now located on campus near the caw student centre (memorial / dillon hall courtyard) and the welcome centre. the tents feature enhanced wifi and power charging stations click here to read more. update september 10, 2021 - important vaccination policy update: september 20, 2021 deadline the university of windsor announced a mandatory vaccine policy that went into effect this past tuesday, september 7, 2021. this policy applies to all staff, faculty, students, and visitors. our main priority is campus safety, and the intention of the policy is to encourage a higher rate of vaccination on our campus. all staff, students, and faculty, regardless of their vaccination status, may continue using the rapid antigen screening program to attend campus through until september 20, 2021. click here to read more. update september 9, 2021 - self-assessment questionnaire - qr code next steps screening is an important tool to keep our campus safe. students, faculty, staff and visitors must complete the daily self-assessment questionnaire prior to attending campus. the safe lancer app makes completing the questionnaire a quick and easy process. no mobile device? a paper form is also available. click here to read more. update september 8, 2021 - campus orientation video and things you need to know for return to campus the fall 2021 semester is set to begin tomorrow, thursday, september 9. study will take place on-campus, online and through a variety of course delivery modes. we look forward to welcoming you back safely to a return to campus life and community. with the return of in-person learning for select courses (either exclusively or as part of a hy-flex delivery mode), health and safety focused protocols and procedures have been established to ensure that campus is as safe as possible. on-campus activity, event and study spaces are also available for those who don't have in-person classes. heading back to campus? watch the campus orientation video to get on your way. click here to read more. update september 8, 2021 - friday, september 10: on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic #takeajab on-campus this friday! the university of windsor is hosting a covid-19 pop-up vaccination clinic, friday, september 10 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. (or while quantities last). click here to read more. update september 7, 2021 - important update: vaccine policy, exemption requests and protocol reminder vaccine policy the university of windsor is following the provincial directive stating that covid-19 vaccination policies are mandatory for a number of high-risk settings. in order to align with the provincial directive, for anyone who will be on campus, at least a first dose of a health canada approved covid-19 vaccine will be required by september 7, 2021 and a second dose will be required by october 7, 2021. click here to read more. update september 6, 2021 - required safe lancer app updates now available as vaccination policy takes effect the university of windsor?s vaccination policy comes into effect on tuesday, september 7. critical safe lancer app updates have been completed to reflect changes in the covid-19 daily self-assessment form. changes to the self-assessment form include updated questions now required by the province and questions related to vaccination status. click here to read more. update september 3, 2021 - important update: vaccination policy & accessing campus to the uwindsor campus community, as recently announced, the university of windsor is following the provincial directive stating that covid-19 vaccination policies are mandatory for a number of high-risk settings. this also follows recommendations made by the council of ontario universities and the council of ontario medical officers of health in efforts to mitigate the impact of covid-19 on campus communities. click here to read more. update september 1, 2021 - message to uwindsor campus community: ministry guidelines dear uwindsor campus community, throughout this pandemic, our number one priority has been the health and safety of our students, faculty and staff. in keeping with our commitment to sharing as much information as possible as it becomes available, we want to inform you that the ministry of colleges and universities released a set of guidelines yesterday evening with respect to the fall opening of post-secondary institutions. click here to read more. update august 23, 2021 - hy-flex classrooms technology and safety features support hybrid learning when uwindsor and post-secondary learning institutions around the world made the rapid shift to online learning in march 2020, the initiative was driven by public health guidelines to promote the safety of students, faculty and staff. that same safety focus continues to shape the university of windsor's efforts as selected courses return to the classroom for the fall 2021 semester (exclusively, or through hy-flex delivery). click here to read more. update august 20, 2021 - message to uwindsor campus community: vaccination policy dear uwindsor campus community, on tuesday, dr. kieran moore, ontario?s chief medical officer of health, announced a provincial directive stating that covid-19 vaccination policies are mandatory for a number of sectors including health care and education, among others. the provincial directive comes as the university of windsor and other post-secondary institutions across the province recently issued similar mandates in efforts to mitigate the impact of covid-19 for our campus communities and follows recommendations made by the council of ontario universities. click here to read more. update august 18, 2021 - on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic #takeajab on-campus this tuesday! the university of windsor is hosting a covid-19 pop-up vaccination clinic, tuesday, august 24 from 10am to 3pm (or while quantities last). click here to read more. update august 13, 2021 - uwindsor announces mandatory covid-19 vaccinations for staff, faculty and students as we look forward to the safe and gradual return to campus in just a few weeks, the health and safety of our staff, faculty and students remains our number one priority. throughout the pandemic we have continued to implement robust health and safety protocols based on the advice of health authorities. following discussions surrounding the ongoing risks posed by covid-19, including the concerns of a fourth wave by ontario?s chief medical officer of health, the emergence of new variants and current regional vaccination rates, the university of windsor has made the decision to require covid-19 vaccination for all students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. as always, we have been working closely with our partners at the windsor essex county health unit, who fully endorse this action. click here to read more. update august 12, 2021 - important information about on-campus building access for faculty & staff as of august 16, 2021, faculty and staff will once again have access to university buildings through use of their uwincard or keyfobs. buildings must be entered using designated entrances that are marked by signs. click here to read more. update july 31, 2021 - on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic, august 6 #takeajab on-campus next friday! a one-day only, on-campus pop-up clinic will offer 1st or 2nd dose covid mrna vaccines to those 12+ next friday, august 6 from 10am to 3pm (or while quantities last). this is a public clinic and open to the windsor-essex community. click here to read more. update july 30, 2021 - vax facts with dr. lisa porter uwsa president jasleen dayal speaks with uwindsor professor and we-spark health institute director, dr. lisa porter to give you the vax facts. click here to read more. update july 26, 2021 - faculty & staff update: a message from president gordon dear faculty & staff, last week, you may have read about the recent announcement from the ministry of colleges and universities regarding preparing for a full return to in-person classes for the fall 2021 semester. click here to read more. update july 26, 2021 - student update: a message from provost weir dear students, i hope that you are enjoying a wonderful summer. last week, our returning students were able to complete the registration process for the fall 2021 semester. as communicated previously, the upcoming semester is unlike any the university of windsor has offered before. course delivery mode options will give students the opportunity to continue their studies in a variety of ways. click here to read more. update july 23, 2021 - important information for faculty & staff: uwincard building access update faculty and staff returning to campus may require a new uwincard to access some buildings on campus. click here to read more. update july 19, 2021 - uwindsor students help launch take a jab campaign the university of windsor today launched a covid vaccination campaign to encourage students to not only get into the ring and "take a jab" to knockout covid, but to carry the vaccination message to others in the under-25 population around windsor-essex county. click here to read more. update july 7, 2021 - returning students: fall 2021 registration the university of windsor is excited for the return to campus life and community as we aim to maximize opportunities for on campus experiences. click here to read more. update june 24, 2021 - virtual faculty & staff town hall: video link the faculty & staff town hall on tuesday, june 22 presented important updates and information about our return to campus efforts. participants also took part in a live q&a session. the town hall is now available for viewing. click here to read more. update june 23, 2021 - campus update: student parking as part of the fall 2021 return to campus, all parking lot operations will resume for students, faculty, staff and visitors on september 1, 2021. click here to read more. update june 18, 2021 - campus parking update: faculty & staff as part of the fall 2021 return to campus, all parking lot operations will resume for faculty, staff, students and visitors on september 1, 2021. click here to read more. update june 17, 2021 - hy-flex workshops prepare faculty for unique course delivery in fall 2021 uwindsor?s teaching and educational technology support teams are working with faculty to ensure they are ready for hy-flex course delivery. click here to read more. update june 11, 2021 - rsvp for faculty and staff town hall to share information about the return to campus for faculty and staff and to address any questions, a virtual town hall will take place on tuesday, june 22 from 2 - 3:30 p.m. some members of the action group for fall return will present important updates and take part in a live q&a. click here to read more. update june 9, 2021 - important information for fall 2021 registration to all faculty and staff, the university of windsor is excited for the return to campus life and community as we aim to maximize opportunities for on campus experiences. a variety of course delivery modes will be offered for fall 2021 such as face-to-face, online, hybrid and hy-flex courses. click here to read more. update june 1, 2021 - a message from president gordon to all faculty and staff, i want to thank you for your continued dedication and resilience as we?ve worked together over the past year navigating the challenges of covid-19. your commitment, ingenuity, and focus have been exemplary. click here to read more. update august 23, 2021 - hy-flex classrooms technology and safety features support hybrid learning when uwindsor and post-secondary learning institutions around the world made the rapid shift to online learning in march 2020, the initiative was driven by public health guidelines to promote the safety of students, faculty and staff. that same safety focus continues to shape the university of windsor's efforts as selected courses return to the classroom for the fall 2021 semester (exclusively, or through hy-flex delivery). click here to read more. update august 20, 2021 - message to uwindsor campus community: vaccination policy dear uwindsor campus community, on tuesday, dr. kieran moore, ontario?s chief medical officer of health, announced a provincial directive stating that covid-19 vaccination policies are mandatory for a number of sectors including health care and education, among others. the provincial directive comes as the university of windsor and other post-secondary institutions across the province recently issued similar mandates in efforts to mitigate the impact of covid-19 for our campus communities and follows recommendations made by the council of ontario universities. click here to read more. update august 18, 2021 - on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic #takeajab on-campus this tuesday! the university of windsor is hosting a covid-19 pop-up vaccination clinic, tuesday, august 24 from 10am to 3pm (or while quantities last). click here to read more. update august 13, 2021 - uwindsor announces mandatory covid-19 vaccinations for staff, faculty and students as we look forward to the safe and gradual return to campus in just a few weeks, the health and safety of our staff, faculty and students remains our number one priority. throughout the pandemic we have continued to implement robust health and safety protocols based on the advice of health authorities. following discussions surrounding the ongoing risks posed by covid-19, including the concerns of a fourth wave by ontario?s chief medical officer of health, the emergence of new variants and current regional vaccination rates, the university of windsor has made the decision to require covid-19 vaccination for all students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. as always, we have been working closely with our partners at the windsor essex county health unit, who fully endorse this action. click here to read more. update august 12, 2021 - important information about on-campus building access for faculty & staff as of august 16, 2021, faculty and staff will once again have access to university buildings through use of their uwincard or keyfobs. buildings must be entered using designated entrances that are marked by signs. click here to read more. update july 31, 2021 - on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic, august 6 #takeajab on-campus next friday! a one-day only, on-campus pop-up clinic will offer 1st or 2nd dose covid mrna vaccines to those 12+ next friday, august 6 from 10am to 3pm (or while quantities last). this is a public clinic and open to the windsor-essex community. click here to read more. update july 30, 2021 - vax facts with dr. lisa porter uwsa president jasleen dayal speaks with uwindsor professor and we-spark health institute director, dr. lisa porter to give you the vax facts. click here to read more. update july 26, 2021 - faculty & staff update: a message from president gordon dear faculty & staff, last week, you may have read about the recent announcement from the ministry of colleges and universities regarding preparing for a full return to in-person classes for the fall 2021 semester. click here to read more. update july 26, 2021 - student update: a message from provost weir dear students, i hope that you are enjoying a wonderful summer. last week, our returning students were able to complete the registration process for the fall 2021 semester. as communicated previously, the upcoming semester is unlike any the university of windsor has offered before. course delivery mode options will give students the opportunity to continue their studies in a variety of ways. click here to read more. update july 23, 2021 - important information for faculty & staff: uwincard building access update faculty and staff returning to campus may require a new uwincard to access some buildings on campus. click here to read more. update july 19, 2021 - uwindsor students help launch take a jab campaign the university of windsor today launched a covid vaccination campaign to encourage students to not only get into the ring and "take a jab" to knockout covid, but to carry the vaccination message to others in the under-25 population around windsor-essex county. click here to read more. update july 7, 2021 - returning students: fall 2021 registration the university of windsor is excited for the return to campus life and community as we aim to maximize opportunities for on campus experiences. click here to read more. update june 24, 2021 - virtual faculty & staff town hall: video link the faculty & staff town hall on tuesday, june 22 presented important updates and information about our return to campus efforts. participants also took part in a live q&a session. the town hall is now available for viewing. click here to read more. update june 23, 2021 - campus update: student parking as part of the fall 2021 return to campus, all parking lot operations will resume for students, faculty, staff and visitors on september 1, 2021. click here to read more. update june 18, 2021 - campus parking update: faculty & staff as part of the fall 2021 return to campus, all parking lot operations will resume for faculty, staff, students and visitors on september 1, 2021. click here to read more. update june 17, 2021 - hy-flex workshops prepare faculty for unique course delivery in fall 2021 uwindsor?s teaching and educational technology support teams are working with faculty to ensure they are ready for hy-flex course delivery. click here to read more. update june 11, 2021 - rsvp for faculty and staff town hall to share information about the return to campus for faculty and staff and to address any questions, a virtual town hall will take place on tuesday, june 22 from 2 - 3:30 p.m. some members of the action group for fall return will present important updates and take part in a live q&a. click here to read more. update june 9, 2021 - important information for fall 2021 registration to all faculty and staff, the university of windsor is excited for the return to campus life and community as we aim to maximize opportunities for on campus experiences. a variety of course delivery modes will be offered for fall 2021 such as face-to-face, online, hybrid and hy-flex courses. click here to read more. update june 1, 2021 - a message from president gordon to all faculty and staff, i want to thank you for your continued dedication and resilience as we?ve worked together over the past year navigating the challenges of covid-19. your commitment, ingenuity, and focus have been exemplary. click here to read more. rtc video gallery click here to access the return to campus video gallery. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
