https://www.uwindsor.ca/business/308/news-and-events
news & events | odette school of business skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business in this section main menu home about undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events matching pledge commitment to support new odette teaching lab odette-peddie amherstburg case competition 2021 gols windsor international film festival additional ta positions in the management area for winter 22 current students alumni support odette faculty & research main menu home about undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events matching pledge commitment to support new odette teaching lab odette-peddie amherstburg case competition 2021 gols windsor international film festival additional ta positions in the management area for winter 22 current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business news & events news & events undergraduate teaching assistantships available for the intersession-summer 2022 semester ta positions are available in undergraduate courses in accounting, finance, management, marketing, management science and strategy/entreprenshsip. deadline for applications is friday april 8, 2022. click here for complete details and application instructions. good things are always happening at odette. the odette school of business hosts events throughout the year with renowned speakers and educational opportunities for our students, alumni, faculty, staff and the region. two of our major events include the georgie-odette leadership symposium and our partnership with the windsor international film festival. share tweet save commerce society twitter feed tweets by odettecommerce odette news master of management winter 2022 ta positions read more about master of management winter 2022 ta positions ? published on dec 17th, 2021 additional ta positions in the management area for winter 22 in accordance with article 12:01 of the cupe 4580 collective agreement, the odette school of business invites applications for teaching assistant (ta) positions for winter 2022. all positions are subject to sufficient enrollment and final budgetary approval. deadline to apply: monday, december 13, 2021 at 1:00 pm read more about additional ta positions in the management area for winter 22 ? published on dec 9th, 2021 matching pledge commitment to support new odette teaching lab read more about matching pledge commitment to support new odette teaching lab ? published on oct 6th, 2021 odette-peddie amherstburg case competition 2021 the odette school of business in partnership with dr. richard peddie is launching a fall case competition between the university of windsor?s odette school of business and st. clair college?s zekelman school of business. the challenge: develop and present innovative business strategies that will enhance the profitability and appearance of the downtown espresso caf? in amherstburg, ontario, making it a more inviting place for the community and beyond! read more about odette-peddie amherstburg case competition 2021 ? published on dec 9th, 2021 master of management fall 2021 ta positions fall 2021 applications for master of management ta positions are now being accepted. eligibility requirements: ta appointments shall be offered to qualified applicants in accordance with the criteria specified in article 12:04 of the collective agreement. expected duties: read more about master of management fall 2021 ta positions ? published on aug 27th, 2021 share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
