https://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/international
new to canada - international student | residence skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students residence residence in this section about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates uwindsor home residence new to canada - international student new to canada - international student the university of windsor is one of canada?s most diverse universities and over 60 countries are represented within our residence communities. we know that choosing where to live is an important decision. we encourage you to live on campus where you're only a few minutes away from your classes, academic support services, fitness center, library and dining areas. it will be easy for you to take part in activities designed to support your academic success and transition to canadian life. you will be exposed to canadian customs while respecting your culture and beliefs. residence is different than living in off campus housing living in residence is very different than living at home and can be very different from a residence experience in another country. there are residence staff on campus to help you throughout the day, night and on weekends. most residence halls have a student staff person known as a resident assistant (ra) who lives on the floor with students. they help you build connections with other students and keep you informed on what is going on throughout the university. there are also residence life coordinators (rlc's) who are full-time staff who live in the residence halls and supervise the resident assistants (ra's). what is it like to live in a university residence so our residence communities don't feel like a hotel with people coming and going all off the time, we work at creating a sense of community with students who live with us. we have community standards (expectations and rules for students) and these help keep you safe in our community. our international students may find the following to be different from residences in other countries: alcohol use - the legal age for alcohol use in ontario is 19 years and you have to be of age to consume alcohol in residence. you are restricted to using alcohol in specified locations and cannot walk around the residence buildings with open alcohol. fire safety - if you hear the fire alarm, you are required to leave your building ( if safe to do so) except during scheduled fire alarm tests where you are notified ahead of time safety and security safety and security your safety is very important to us and that is why entrance doors of residence buildings are locked and only those living in the building are given access. in the evenings all guests must show identification at the front desk and get signed in for the time they are here. students can have up to 2 guests at any one time our residences also have security cameras in the lobbies and in some areas throughout the buildings. getting involved while you're living in residence getting involved while you're living in residence we know that your academic studies are important to you but getting involved in activities outside of the classroom will improve your experience on campus. there are many clubs in residence and on campus that students can get involved in, from faculty students associations, environmental groups, arts clubs, fraternities and sororities to religious groups. there are also several ways to get involved in your residence hall. talk with your resident assistant (ra) about your interest and they can help connect you to residents who share the same interests and activities on your floor, building and neighbourhood. you can also follow what's going on in your residence by following the residence facebook page. what is your residence contract? living in a canadian university residence is not the same as living in a hotel. it is not considered "short term accommodation" where you can stay for a few nights or for a few weeks. when you apply to live in a university of windsor residence, you are agreeing to live there for 8 months (september to april) or for 4 months if you arrive in january for the winter semester. you can live on campus in the summer months as well, from 4 weeks to 16 weeks, depending on the inter/summer course offerings. some students choose to live off campus and if so, they may have to sign a "lease agreement". a lease is a contract between you and the owner of the property that you are renting. many off campus rental properties require you to commit to a lease for 12 months. you are required to pay rent for the full 12 months unless you rent the room to another occupant who then pays the remainder of the monthly fees until your lease expires residence fees residence fees if you live in residence on campus, you pay your residence fees in two (2) payments, mid-august for the fall semester and mid-december for the winter semester and in may for the summer semester. furniture, internet, cable tv, telephone service and fridge rental are included in your residence fees. if you live off campus, you will be paying your rent each month and there are additional costs for furniture, utilities, cable tv and/or internet and some utilities. meal plans food services at https://www.uwindsor.ca/foodservices/https://www.uwindsor.ca/foodservices/ is happy to provide you with a meal plan while you're living on campus. that means you can focus on your studies and not have to buy groceries or cook. you must choose 1 of 4 meal plans, where halal, vegan options are available. when you're living in residence, the funds are added to your uwincard in august for the fall semester and in december for the winter semester. you use your uwincard to pay for meals so there is no need to have cash. there is also a grocery bus that comes to campus once per week and takes students to a local grocery stofood services (uwindsor.ca)re for supplies and returns back to campus. international student centre located in the residence hall no matter where you choose to live on campus, you will be close to the international student centre. if you are living in laurier hall, you'll only be steps away from the centre which is found on the second (2nd) floor. from help with your arrival to planning social events, to setting you up with medical insurance. staff in the centre will help you with your transition to canada and to the campus. you can live in residence when there are no classes you may choose to explore other parts of canada during canadian holidays or during study breaks when there are no classes on campus. you're not required to move out of your residence room during these breaks and there are no additional fees to stay. during the christmas holiday break we do require you to let us know if you're staying on campus (in your residence room). this is done for safety so we know who is living on campus while the university is closed. there are limited services during holiday breaks but there are some food outlets that remain open for residence students (except for the christmas holiday break) and you are able to use your meal plan for off campus partners you can continue to live in residence as long as you are a registered student. on other canadian university campuses, students can only live in residence for their first year studying in residence studying while you're living in residence will be different than studying at home and you will need to find the place that works best for you. that is true for anywhere you will choose to live. in many of the residence buildings, there are study rooms on each floor. quiet hours are enforced during certain times of the day with 24 hour quiet hours enforced during exams. where first year students live, there is also a resident assistant - academic whose responsibility is to provide academic support for students in that community. moving in or moving out you may be able to live in residence between academic terms but to do so, you need to submit a request for extension on-line form. if approved, additional fees will be charged to your student account. weekly fees will be advertised when you apply. multi-faith space a multi-faith space intended for prayer, meditation or contemplation is located in the caw student centre just steps away from your residence building. (www.uwindsor.ca/interfaith) smoking in residence canadian laws do not allow smoking inside buildings and this includes residence halls. students who do not respect this policy will be subject to a fine and/or educational sanction. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
