https://future.uwindsor.ca/next-steps
<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> next steps on your lancer journey - uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students your lancer journey starts here what are my next steps? ask.uwindsor live chat tours plus march break 2022 sign-up now have a day off high school coming up? come for a campus tour! get a $25 gift card for lancer gear or food on campus coming from outside windsor-essex? get a $25 gas card to help with travel expenses space is limited, fall 2022 undergraduate applicants will get priority sign-up now congratulations! you're accepted. congratulations on being accepted to the university of windsor. you?re on your way to achieving your dreams. below you?ll find the information you need to take the next steps on your journey. from resources to plan your first-year courses to services to help you make the most of your uwindsor experience to a timeline to guide you ? you?ll find it all here. if you require assistance, you?ll also find contact information for your particular program or the service you wish to inquire about. my important dates what are my next steps to our future university of windsor students welcome! at the university of windsor, you have entire worlds to discover, multiple worlds that will challenge your intellect, your imagination, and your character. that?s why more than 16,000 students this year have chosen to make their future here. i invite you to come to the university of windsor and write your own future. at the same time, you?ll be writing ours. looking forward to meeting you virtually this fall, and to seeing you in person just as soon as it?s safe to do so! patti weir acting provost and vice-president academic, university of windsor important dates nov 2 nov 9 dec 15 early jan jan 6 jan 6 jan 7 jan 9 jan 15 jan 20 feb 3 feb 13 - 21 feb 15 mar 6 apr 1 may 25 june 1 june 1 june 4 june 7 june 14 june 16, 17 & 19 july - aug aug 15 sept 5 sept 5 sept 9 sept 22 oct 6 oct 9 - 17 oct 23 dec 9 early jan jan 13 mar 5 mar 31 apr 30 may 19 - 26 may 19 may 26 jun 1 summer jul 1 aug 12 sept sept 8 prev next winter 2021: course shopping cart opens nov 2, 2020 winter 2021: registration opens (check your appointment time in uwinsite student) nov 9, 2020 winter 2021: fee deadline dec 15, 2020 fall 2021: uwinaward entering student profile opens early january 2021 apply for entrance scholarships and bursaries for 2021-2022. deadline april 30, 2021. winter 2021: orientation jan 6, 2021 winter 2021: residence move in day jan 6, 2021 winter 2021: first day of classes jan 7, 2021 uwindsor applicant day january 9, 2021 everything you need to know as an applicant to uwindsor, connect and get the answers to all of your questions. gain insight into what it?s like to be a uwindsor student. attend live webinars, and find out about awards, financial aid, student support, and academic advising. meet fellow students and student recruiters virtually. learn more about applicant day fall 2021: application deadline ? for applicants currently attending an ontario high school jan 15, 2021 winter 2021: last day for late registration & course changes jan 20, 2021 winter 2021: financial drop date feb 3, 2021 winter 2021: reading week feb 13 - 16, 2021 family day feb 15, 2021 uwindsor spring open house march 6, 2021 a rich campus-wide experience involving faculty, staff and students from all academic programs and services as well as informational presentations. fall 2021: apply for entrance scholarships and bursaries august 1, 2021 course calendar is available online may 25, 2021 accept your uwindsor offer for fall 2021 june 1, 2021 residence guarantee deposit due june 1, 2021 international open day - virtual event june 4, 2021 first-year students can start planning fall 2021 through uwinsite shopping cart june 7, 2021 first-year students can start registering for fall 2021 classes on uwinsite june 14, 2021 new student registration days june 16, 17 & 19, 2021 attend head start, register for classes, get your uwin student card july - august 2021 our summer orientation program is designed for new students who are embarking on their post-secondary experience here at uwindsor. this year we?re bringing head start to you with a brand-new virtual platform that is going to make your head start experience a great one, all from the comfort of your own home. fall 2021: first semester?s tuition is due; residence fee due august 15, 2021 fall 2021: welcome week begins september 5, 2021 fall 2021: move into residence september 5, 2021 fall 2021: first day of class september 9, 2021 fall 2021: last day for late registration & course changes september 22, 2021 fall 2021: financial drop date october 6, 2021 fall 2021: reading week october 9 - 17, 2021 fall open house october 23, 2021 register for fall open house! virtual open day december 9, 2021 event dates & times subject to change. uwinaward entering student profile opens ? apply for entrance scholarships and bursaries beginning of january apply now! application deadline january 13, 2022 apply now! spring open house march 5, 2022 event dates & times subject to change. outstanding scholars program application deadline march 31, 2022 the outstanding scholars program offers one year of scholarships plus 6 semesters of paid work. students learn research skills in laboratories, fieldwork, by conducting literature reviews, assisting with communications and health promotion, assisting with research design, doing creative work, and much more! apply now! deadline to apply for entrance scholarships and bursaries april 30, 2022 apply now! new student registration days may 19 - 26, 2022 get in-person or online help from our student recruiters and academic advisors. you can also access on-demand video content to guide you through the process of registering for your first year, first semester courses. learn more about new student registration days course registration shopping cart opens may 19, 2022 null course registration opens may 26, 2022 null accept your uwindsor offer june 1, 2022 how to accept your offer residence guarantee deposit due june 1, 2022 international student deposit due june 1, 2022 attend head start orientation july - august 2022 our summer orientation program is designed for new students who are embarking on their post-secondary experience here at uwindsor. more about head start international student application deadline july 1, 2022 apply now! fees due august 12, 2022 first semester tuition & residence fees are due attend welcome week september 3 - 7, 2022 more about welcome week move into residence early september, 2022 more about residence first day of class september 8, 2022 what to do next? registering your courses will take careful planning to ensure you get the class schedule that works best for you. the steps below will help you get started but if you?re having trouble at any point contact your program or reach out to us at ask.uwindsor. please select the options that describe you best level of study undergraduate graduate enrolment term fall 2022 winter 2022 step 1 review your offer review your offer of admission letter and verify your program. you?ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. how do i review my offer step 2 accept your offer follow the instructions in your university of windsor offer of admission letter that explains how to confirm your acceptance. make sure you?ve completed this by the date indicated on your offer of admission. how do i accept my offer step 3 set up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options uwindsor uses mfa to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. you need to set up your mfa options before extending your uwin account or signing in to uwinsite student to plan your courses. how to set up mfa options step 4 extend your uwin account & setup uwindsor email gain access to your uwindsor email, the university?s online learning system, the full suite of microsoft products and other important campus resources. after you?ve extended your uwin account the university of windsor will send all email communications to your uwindsor email. how to extend how to access uwindsor email step 5 verify your uwinsite student homepage activation your student homepage in uwinsite student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (may 26th, 2022 for fall 2022 term). you?ll know your student homepage is activated when you can select it from the ?homepage? drop down. step 6 visit our new student registration info page for fall 2022 incoming fall undergraduate students can access resources regarding next steps, how to register, and choosing courses. learn more new student registration page coming in mid may! get live help with course registration online or in-person! step 7 plan your courses start planning your courses once your shopping cart is active in uwinsite student. you?ll know you can start adding classes to your shopping cart when you see the small arrow next to class sections when using the class search and enroll. plan your courses on-demand course selection content coming in mid may! step 8 register for your classes starting on may 26th, 2022 (for fall 2022 term), register for your classes in uwinsite student. get the best selection by registering early. choose my courses step 9 upload photo for your uwincard your uwincard is your official uwindsor student identification card. upload your photo in early august, 2022 and your uwincard will be mailed to you. more about uwincard upload your photo step 10 attend head start orientation make a smooth transition to uwindsor. science & education - friday, july 8th fahss & education - saturday, july 9th nursing, hk & business - friday, july 15th engineering - friday, july 22nd general day - saturday, august 6th about orientation step 11 uwindsor prep program each optional, non-credit course is designed to support first-year students' transition to uwindsor by providing a condensed review of grade 12 curriculum. classes begin july 18, 2022. about prep program step 12 attend welcome week september 3 to 7, 2022 - make new friends, connect with your professors, staff and returning student leaders. get valuable tips from senior students. join your faculty team to compete for the coveted lancer shield! first day of class your uwindsor student career begins! september 8, 2022. step 1 review your offer review your offer of admission letter and verify your program. you?ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. how do i review my offer step 2 accept your offer follow the instructions in your university of windsor offer of admission letter that explains how to confirm your acceptance. make sure you?ve completed this by the date indicated on your offer of admission. how do i accept my offer step 3 set up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options uwindsor uses mfa to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. you need to set up your mfa options before extending your uwin account or signing in to uwinsite student to plan your courses. how to set up mfa options step 4 extend your uwin account & setup uwindsor email gain access to your uwindsor email, the university?s online learning system, the full suite of microsoft products and other important campus resources. after you?ve extended your uwin account the university of windsor will send all email communications to your uwindsor email. how to extend how to access uwindsor email step 5 verify your uwinsite student homepage activation your student homepage in uwinsite student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (early november, 2021 for winter 2022 term). you?ll know your student homepage is activated when you can select it from the ?homepage? drop down. step 6 visit our new student registration info for winter 2022 incoming winter undergraduate students can access resources regarding the next steps, how to register, and choosing courses. learn more step 7 plan your courses start planning your courses once your shopping cart is active in uwinsite student. you?ll know you can start adding classes to your shopping cart when you see the small arrow next to class sections when using the class search and enroll. plan your courses step 8 register for your classes starting on november 25, 2021 (for winter 2022 term), register for your classes in uwinsite student. get the best selection by registering early. choose my courses step 9 upload photo for your uwincard your uwincard is your official uwindsor student identification card. upload your photo in early december, 2021 and your uwincard will be mailed to you. more about uwincard upload your photo step 10 attend orientation on january 5th, 2022 - make a smooth transition to uwindsor. about our winter orientation step 11 attend welcome week make new friends, connect with your professors, staff and returning student leaders. get valuable tips from senior students. join your faculty team to compete for the coveted lancer shield! first day of class your uwindsor student career begins! january 17, 2022 for winter. step 1 review your offer review your offer of admission letter and verify your program. you?ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. step 2 accept your offer you will get an email with instructions to accept the offer in egas. step 3 set up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options uwindsor uses mfa to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. you need to set up your mfa options before extending your uwin account or signing in to uwinsite student to plan your courses. how to set up mfa options step 4 pay your deposit pay your deposit if applicable. step 5 apply for study permit if you are not a canadian citizen, permanent resident, or landed immigrant, you will need to obtain a study permit to study in canada. visit the government of canada website to learn more. step 6 extend your uwin account & setup uwindsor email if you are a new uwindsor student, you need to extend your uwin account to gain access to your uwindsor email, the university?s online learning system, the full suite of microsoft products and other important campus resources. after you?ve extended your uwin account the university of windsor will send all email communications to your uwindsor email. how to extend how to access uwindsor email step 7 verify your uwinsite student homepage activation your student homepage in uwinsite student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (mid may for fall 2022 term). you?ll know your student homepage is activated when you can select it from the ?homepage? drop down. step 8 plan your courses start planning your courses once your shopping cart is active in uwinsite student. you?ll know you can start adding classes to your shopping cart when you see the small chevron next to class sections when using the class search and enroll. step 9 register for your classes you will receive an email with your enrolment appointment date, at which point you can start registering for classes in uwinsite student. get the best selection by registering early. step 10 upload photo for your uwincard your uwincard is your official uwindsor student identification card. upload your photo by august 2022 and your uwincard will be mailed to you. more about uwincard upload your photo step 1 review your offer review your offer of admission letter and verify your program. you?ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. step 2 accept your offer you will get an email with instructions to accept the offer in egas. step 3 set up your multi-factor authentication (mfa) options uwindsor uses mfa to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. you need to set up your mfa options before extending your uwin account or signing in to uwinsite student to plan your courses. how to set up mfa options step 4 pay your deposit pay your deposit if applicable. step 5 apply for study permit if you are not a canadian citizen, permanent resident, or landed immigrant, you will need to obtain a study permit to study in canada. visit the government of canada website to learn more. step 6 extend your uwin account & setup uwindsor email if you are a new uwindsor student, you need to extend your uwin account to gain access to your uwindsor email, the university?s online learning system, the full suite of microsoft products and other important campus resources. after you?ve extended your uwin account the university of windsor will send all email communications to your uwindsor email. how to extend how to access uwindsor email step 7 verify your uwinsite student homepage activation your student homepage in uwinsite student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (early november for winter 2022 term). you?ll know your student homepage is activated when you can select it from the ?homepage? drop down. step 8 plan your courses start planning your courses once your shopping cart is active in uwinsite student. you?ll know you can start adding classes to your shopping cart when you see the small chevron next to class sections when using the class search and enroll. step 9 register for your classes you will receive an email with your enrolment appointment date, at which point you can start registering for classes in uwinsite student. get the best selection by registering early. step 10 upload photo for your uwincard your uwincard is your official uwindsor student identification card. upload your photo by december 2021 and your uwincard will be mailed to you. more about uwincard upload your photo first day of class your uwindsor student career begins! january 6, 2022. registration guides multiple resources to help you with course registration watch our step-by-step video watch a current uwindsor student guide you along. registration videos read our step by step articles read through our many knowledge base articles. registration articles download our step by step pdf download, print and read our pdf guide. registration pdf questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor for help virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter student support services: we offer many student support services that are important to your success. ask.uwindsor live chat: ask current students questions or search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions. course registration webinars looking to learn more about how to register for courses? attend one of these sessions to learn how to choose and register for courses, get answers to your questions from academic advisors, and receive tips for academic success. monday, june 8 @ 2 pm est wednesday, june 10 @ 2 pm est friday, june 12 @ 2 pm est monday, june 15 @ 2 pm est wednesday, june 17 @ 2 pm est friday, june 19 @ 2 pm est attend webinar reasons to attend learn how to choose and register for courses get answers to your questions from academic advisors receive tips for academic success attend webinar head start orientation we offer a variety of services to ease the transition for incoming students head start summer orientation program is designed for new students who are embarking on their post-secondary experience here at the university of windsor. this year we're bringing head start to you! uwindsor has a virtual platform that is going to make your head start experience a great one from the comfort of your own home. upcoming head start dates virtual head start dates/times coming soon! saturday, july 11: arts, humanities & social sciences, education, human kinetics, nursing, & science saturday, july 25: business & engineering thursday, august 13: mature students, transfer students & part-time students head start program includes: faculty presentations sessions for you and your parents, guardians or supporters to learn about life at uwindsor a campus resources fair to ensure you haven?t missed anything learn about some of the major differences between high school and university discover ways to get involved on campus connect with academic advisors visit head start uwindsor prep program refresher classes to prepare incoming students for success! short, non-credit prep-courses designed to refresh students? skills and provide a taste of what classes will bring in the fall take one, a few, or all of the prep-classes to get ahead and be prepared for the beginning of your uwindsor classes each course is designed to provide a review of grade 12 curriculum and build the skills students will need in first-year classes sign-up for prep program uwin prep program info session from june 11, 2020 recording can be found here powerpoint presentation can be downloaded here contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
