https://apps.apple.com/us/app/nimbus/id1435620212
?nimbus on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview nimbus 4+ connecting students and tutors nimbus tutoring designed for iphone 5.0 ? 4 ratings free iphone screenshots description nimbus is a platform that connects students with their university?s tutors and mentors when and where they need them. our mobile app manages students? scheduling, messaging and payment processes, allowing them to easily connect with tutors and mentors online or on campus. nimbus is partnered with universities across north america and singapore, helping to improve students? experiences and educational outcomes. nimbus for students: get help from passionate teachers passionate tutors and mentors for hundreds of courses and topics at your school, ~ 95% of students rate lessons > 4.5/5 stars. book a lesson anytime, anywhere with nimbus, you can book a lesson in-person, or online using our video conferencing feature. improving your student experience tutoring and mentorship has been shown to improve student grades, well being and career outcomes. streamlined service booking a lesson has never been easier. just search the course or topic, pick a location, select a tutor/mentor and then choose a time to meet. nimbus for tutors: flexibility for you set your: ? courses and topics to teach ? teaching availability ? locations to have lessons at (or teach online) ? maximum number of students you would like to teach ? teaching policies ? payment information to securely receive funds become a tutor/mentor sign up with us and embark on your teaching journey. if you are a student at one of our partnered universities and would like to become a tutor or mentor, be sure to reach out to support@nimbusapp.ca so that we can let you know who to speak with at your university. what?s new mar 29, 2021 version 2.9.58 - zoom integration - minor bug fixes ratings and reviews 5.0 out of 5 4 ratings 4 ratings begonetttqq , 01/28/2022 recommend 10/10 app privacy the developer, nimbus tutoring, indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. data not linked to you the following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: contact info usage data privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller nimbus tutoring inc. size 185.7 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 8.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 8.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english age rating 4+ copyright ? 2018 nimbus tutoring inc. price free developer website app support privacy policy developer website app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. you might also like eastern ns waste info reference nait alert education safe rdp education safe campus education ryersonsafe education polyalerte education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
