https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.peterhohsy.nmeapaserpro
nmea tools pro - apps on google play sign in hidden fields search apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide categories art & design augmented reality auto & vehicles beauty books & reference business comics communication dating daydream education entertainment events finance food & drink health & fitness house & home libraries & demo lifestyle maps & navigation medical music & audio news & magazines parenting personalization photography productivity shopping social sports tools travel & local video players & editors watch apps watch faces weather games action adventure arcade board card casino casual educational music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word kids ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 home top charts new releases nmea tools pro peter hotools everyone add to wishlist $2.69 buy the purpose nmea tools is to log your raw gps information (nmea sentences) to a file on your sd card. also, it can parse a nmea file. features: 1. log raw nmea sentences 2. display the route in google map 3. support background logging 4. show latitude, longitude, altitude, speed, pdop and hdop 5. parse a nmea file 6. support gps , glonass and beidou systems features in pro version : 1. no limitation of capturing nmea sentences 2. nmea sentence filter 3. no advertisement 4. support dropbox file uploading using built-in dropbox engine *** the nmea logging function does not work on some phones. please test your phone with the nmea tools before you buy the pro version permission * modify/delete sd card contents is used to write nmea file to sd card * internet access is used for ad and google map * prevent phone from sleeping is used to keep the screen on for user taking lap how to use the app ? press top left "gps" icon to enable gps. press "log" button to start logging nmea data. to stop logging, press the "log" button again press "save" icon to save the logging data to nmea file note : 1. for those who need support please email to the designated email. do not use either the feedback area to write questions, it is not appropriate and that is not guaranteed that can read them. 2. if you like this app, please purchase the pro version. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.peterhohsy.nmeatoolspro all other trade names mentioned in this app or the other documentation provided by this app are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holder. this app is not related or affiliated in any way these companies. read more collapse reviewsreview policy and info loading? what's new 2.7.35 - fix minor bugs 2.7.20 - fix background logging bug in android 11 2.5.0 - remove storage permission 1.8.0 - fix background logging bug in android 8.0 read more collapse additional information eligible for family library eligible if bought after 7/2/2016. learn more updated october 28, 2021 size 2.6m installs 500+ current version 2.7.35 requires android 4.4 and up content rating everyone learn more permissions view details report flag as inappropriate offered by peter ho developer peterhohsy@gmail.com privacy policy rm6, 26/f, block e,the trend plaza,hong kong similar see more gps logger pro peter ho gps logging with running, walking, biking, driving activities $2.69 voltage regulator peter ho use adjustable voltage regulator ; calculate the components value arduino workshop peter ho the app is a tutorial for arduino. it is suitable for hobbyist or students. rc calc slavacapps useful calculators for rc model cars. coil32 valery kustarev radio frequency inductor and choke calculator more by peter ho see more electronics toolbox peter ho analog and digital circuit calculator my bowling scoreboard peter ho record bowling score/pin location, show pin statistics, export to csv files cube timer peter ho record solve time nmea tools peter ho log or parse nmea sentences arduino workshop peter ho the app is a tutorial for arduino. it is suitable for hobbyist or students. ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
