http://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/Professors-Professeurs/08ProgChng-08ProgRev_eng.asp
nserc - summary of changes ? 2008 program guide for professors natural sciences and engineering research council of canada www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca skip to content skip to institutional links common menu bar links fran?ais home contact us help search canada.ca home institutional links information about nserc regional offices nserc prizes careers media room online services research portal transparency convergence portal information for students and fellows professors business institutions and colleges partners science promoters teachers going global inter-agency equity, diversity and inclusion tri-agency financial administration site tools rss site map login print bookmark larger smaller summary of changes ? 2008 program guide for professors nserc has revised the program guide for professors. a summary of the most significant changes appears below. the summary of changes to the tri-agency financial administration guide is also available. programs cede – chairs in environmental design engineering last revision: march 13, 2009 the content of this program has been integrated in the cde – chairs in design engineering program description. chrp - collaborative health research projects last revision: march 3, 2009 the application deadline has returned to october 1. create –collaborative research and training experience program created: may 2, 2008 nserc announces new create program to encourage collaborative training approaches. cwse – chairs for women in science and engineering last revision: march 13, 2009 call for proposal for british columbia and yukon regions due may 15, 2009. new section on "discussion, description and guidelines" for preparing proposals was added to the program description. an outline of what to include in the university?s strategy is proposed. a new section on "national network" is included. dg – discovery grants last revision: august 7, 2008 details are provided on nserc’s initiative for a minimum discovery grant amount to ensure that any funded researcher receives sufficient funds to support at least one graduate student. dg-nrs – dg-northern research supplement last revision: june 6, 2008 clarifies the fact that, to be considered for this supplement, applicants must submit a separate form 101, discovery grants – northern research supplement and a form 100 personal data form for the applicant and each co-applicant. nserc forest sector r&d initiative created: december 12, 2008 nserc, together with the canada forest service (natural resources canada) and fpinnovations, support research networks and projects that focus on one of the following five themes: energy and chemicals from forest biomass integrated value maximization next generation building solutions next generation pulps and papers novel bioproducts from forest biomass applications for funding can be submitted through most of nserc?s existing partnerships programs. deadlines vary. please consult the appropriate program literature. nserc/nrcan/aecl generation iv energy technologies program created: july 21, 2008 nserc and the natural resources canada (nrcan) office of energy research and development, in collaboration with atomic energy canada limited (aecl), supports research initiatives on large-scale reactor technologies. the application deadline has since passed. at this time no decision has been taken for the continuation of this program. rti – research tools and instruments grants last revision: august 7, 2008 for category 1 equipment with a total net cost of up to $250,000: clarifies the fact that funding must be in place and confirmed at the time that the application is submitted. st – ship time last revision: june 3, 2008 stresses that applicants intending to access a vessel from the department of fisheries and oceans (dfo), also need to contact dfo directly for their full application requirements. sng-sc – strategic network grants supplemental competition created: july 24, 2008 new one-time supplemental competition in integrated multi-trophic aquaculture. no preliminary application is required. applications are due october 1, 2008. sng-sc – strategic network grants supplemental competition created: october 15, 2008 new one-time supplemental competition in manufacturing. a preliminary application is required by february 9, 2009. sng-sc - strategic network grants supplemental competition created: june 3, 2009 new one-time supplemental competition in capture fisheries. no preliminary application is required. applications are due september 1, 2009. spg last revision: february 2, 2009 sub-priorities identified by the science, technology and innovation council are included in some target areas. the competitive manufacturing and value-added products and processes target area has been broadened and renamed competitive manufacturing. the quality foods and novel bioproducts target area has a revised description for the aquaculture research topic and a new research topic called capture fisheries. under a memorandum of understanding, there is a joint concurrent call for proposals with the agence nationale de la recherche (anr) in france. spg-sc –strategic project grants supplemental competition created: july 24, 2008 new one-time supplemental competition in aquaculture and capture fisheries. requests must be less than $100,000 for the first year. the research topic description for aquaculture has been expanded and a new research topic, capture fisheries, has been added. sro – special research opportunity last revision: july 7, 2008 announcement of the next inter-american collaboration in materials research (ciam) competition. the letter of intent/notice of intent is due august 29, 2008. the full applications are due december 20, 2008. tri-agency partnership on knowledge syntheses on the environment last revision: july 13, 2009 nserc, sshrc and cihr launch a second call for proposals under the tri-agency partnership on knowledge syntheses on the environment. advance registration is no longer required. october 1, 2009, is the application deadline forms for professors common changes to all forms last revision: august 7, 2008 several bullets were added as a result of the canadian controlled goods program in the section “what do the signatures on the application mean (paper and electronic)?” form 101 dg – discovery grant last revision: august 7, 2008 removed all references to the university faculty awards as the program has been cancelled. nserc is developing new programs aimed at addressing the under-representation of women and aboriginals in the natural sciences and engineering. form 101 rti – research tools and instruments last revision: august 7, 2008 two quotations are required for items or systems costing more than $25,000 before taxes. a justification is required if less than two quotations are provided. form 101 sng – strategic network grants last revision: august 7, 2008 applicants can now apply on-line. form 102 create – collaborative research and training experience grant created: june 30, 2008 new form, based on form 101 – application for a grant, to accommodate the needs of the new program. form 103 cci – college and community innovation #550 created: june 24, 2008 new form, based on form 101 – application for a grant, to accommodate the needs of the new college program. form 186 cci – letter of intent to apply for a college and community innovation program created: december 12, 2008 new letter of intent for colleges. form 187 create – notification of intent to apply for a collaborative research and training experience program created: june 26, 2008 new notification of intent for new create program. policies and guidelines eligibility criteria – for faculty last revision: august 7, 2008 the definition of collaborator has been modified. applicants owing money are not eligible to apply. requirements for certain types of research last revision: august 7, 2008 a section has been added on controlled goods; applications must not contain any information subject to restrictions or controls under the canadian controlled goods program in accordance with the defence production act or the controlled goods regulations. date modified: 2009-07-15 ^ top of page ^ important notices after you finish your visit, could you answer some quick questions about what you came to do? choosing "yes, after my visit" will open a new window that you can go to once you complete your visit. yes, after my visitno, thank you
