http://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/Media-Media/ProgramNewsDetails-NouvellesDesProgrammesDetails_eng.asp?ID=1133
nserc - media room - latest news - message from the canadian institutes of health research, the natural sciences and engineering research council ... skip to main content skip to "about this site" canada.ca services departments language selection fran?ais search and menus search and menus natural sciences and engineering research council of canada search search website search topics menu students and fellows professors business information for about you are here: login on-line system login to create or access an application. fdsr system the financial data submission and reconciliation (fdsr) system is for academic institution officials who electronically transmit their annual financial data. research portal login to create or access an application. convergence portal login to create or access an application. home media room latest news message from the canadian institutes of health research, the natural sciences and engineering research council ... latest news message from the canadian institutes of health research, the natural sciences and engineering research council of canada, and the social sciences and humanities research council of canada program news professors students march 6, 2020 the three federal granting agencies are aware that the rapidly changing situation involving covid-19 may have an impact on researchers with plans to travel for meetings or other research-related activities. individuals may decide to cancel trips as a result of various considerations and factors such as cancelled conferences, travel advisories (including those from health canada and global affairs canada), or personal choice due to health or other concerns. the agencies confirm that the reimbursement of non-refundable travel fees from agency funds is acceptable considering the impacts of covid-19. this applies to the travel of both principal investigators and research personnel, when cancellation occurs as described above. note: given the uncertainty of the situation with covid-19, the agencies suggest that those travelling for agency-funded research consider purchasing either cancellation insurance, or tickets that are at least partially refundable. in this specific situation, some additional cost could still be viewed as economical if it allows for partial or full reimbursement/credit in the event of cancellation. dalia morcos fraser chief financial officer canadian institutes of health research patricia sauv?-mccuan chief financial officer and vice-president, common administrative services directorate natural sciences and engineering research council of canada and social sciences and humanities research council of canada contact newsletter get highlights of things happening at nserc delivered to your email inbox. view all newsletters subscribe top of page modified: 2020-04-22 about this site terms and conditions transparency students and fellows professors institutions and colleges business about nserc regional offices careers media room nserc prizes research portal nserc's award database site tools rss feed site map login on-line system users financial data submission and reconciliation research portal how to use stay connected twitter facebook linkedin youtube contact contact directory regional offices government of canada footer health travel service canada jobs economy canada.ca
