https://future.uwindsor.ca/nursing
<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> nursing - undergraduate program - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students nursing stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close nursing @ uwin one of the highest nclex exam success rates in ontario. in 2019, 99% passed it by the end of the year learn in state-of-the-art simulation suites hands-on-experiences and clinical placements (in the first year!) allow students to apply their learning to real-world settings, closing the gap between theory and practice program highlights & admission requirements your location canada outside of canada telling us your location makes it easier for us to provide accurate admission requirements. nursing our program combines equal doses of hands-on learning and academic excellence. clinical practicum courses start in year one with a 1:8 instructor-student ratio and take place in a variety of healthcare settings throughout the first three years of the program. in fact, the faculty of nursing is partnered with more than 250 hospital and community agencies throughout southwestern ontario. in the final year of their program, students gain independence as they work alongside a preceptor (1:1 ratio), completing a total of 384 hours in both hospital and community settings. to reinforce student learning in both the classroom and in clinical settings, we have a series of seven experiential learning labs taught throughout the program. these labs are specifically designed to help the learner apply theory to clinical practice through a variety of interactive and simulated activities. in order to dynamically support student learning, nursing students have access to academic and career advising through the student success coordinator and free counseling services through the clinical therapist embedded in the program. after graduation, students write the national council licensure examination (nclex) to be eligible for membership with the college of nurses of ontario. in 2019, 99% passed the nclex by the end of the year in which they graduated. this is because students receive outstanding instruction from award-winning professors who are dedicated to student success. at an undergraduate level, students are engaged in professional development activities stemming from current research initiatives and best practices in nursing. the nclex is the same exam that american students write. graduates from the program may choose to pursue employment opportunities in the united states and would not need to write an alternate exam. other eligibility criteria may be requested and may differ by state. sample courses: professional nursing, human anatomy and physiology, clinical practicum, experiential learning lab, pharmacology & medication management career tracks: clinic nurse, community care nurse, health-care administrator, nurse practitioner, nurse educator professional designation possible: registered nurse (rn) admission requirements for applicants in canada course requirements: biology/sbi4u, chemistry/sch4u and one grade 12 level math minimum average: 70% (70% average of the top six grade 12 u or m courses, 65% in english/eng4u is required, 70% is required in chemistry/sch4u and biology/sbi4u) mean average (entering fall 2019): 89% note: this is a very competitive program. an 85% average is recommended for the top six grade 12 u or m courses along with a minimum average of 80% in chemistry/sch4u and biology/sbi4u. * average over six grade 12 academic courses. learn more about course equivalencies admission requirements for applicants outside of canada course requirements: grade 12 biology, grade 12 chemistry and one grade 12 level math minimum average: 70% (70% average of the top six grade 12 courses, 65% in grade 12 english is required, 70% is required in grade 12 chemistry and grade 12 biology) mean average (entering fall 2019): 89% note: this is a very competitive program. an 85% average is recommended for the top six grade 12 courses along with a minimum average of 80% in chemistry and biology. * applicants educated outside of canada must submit evidence of education equivalent to the ontario secondary school diploma (ossd) with six grade 12 academic courses. grades will be converted to ontario equivalent grades. learn more about country equivalencies stay connected apply now get a nursing brochure sent straight to your inbox learn about faculty highlights, programs and student stories. get yours now "my time at the university of windsor and particularly in the faculty of nursing has given me the skills and knowledge to care for patients and families in a safe, caring and professional manner. there have been so many opportunities at the university of windsor to get involved and to really develop your leadership skills. i feel very prepared to step into the workforce as a competent and compassionate nurse. the faculty are so student focused and mentor all of their students to be the best nurse they can be! i am very proud to be a windsor lancer!" nick tales rn, bscn connect with nursing visit department stay connected follow this department on: what will i learn? appreciating critical biological, social, cultural, ethical, and psychological factors that influence health understanding the structure and organization of the public health-care system in ontario and canada exercising emotional intelligence to make useful observations, generate insights, and modify behaviour in a professional work setting collaborating with patients/clients, families, interdisciplinary health professionals to achieve positive health outcomes critical analysis and decision making; considering information from a variety of sources to solve problems and make decisions impacting individuals, families, communities, and health care systems. read more 343 number of graduates (2021) 99% employment rate of graduates* *2 years following degree completion (ougs nursing, 2019) explore your opportunities career tracks acute care nurse case manager clinic nurse community care nurse critical care nurse health-care administrator health and safety coordinator hospice nurse labor and delivery nurse mental health nurse northern/remote nurse nursing anesthetist nurse educator/professor nurse informatics specialist nurse practitioner nurse scientist/researcher occupational health nurse oncology nurse operating room nurse pediatric nurse public health nurse travel nurse experiences academics experience career first year take required courses including professional nursing i and ii, writing for the professional nurse, human anatomy & physiology i and ii, and holistic health assessment i consider visiting the nursing student support centre for information about program advising, counselling, and clinical placements meet with the student success coordinator for program advising and information about individualized academic support services visit the clinical learning centre to meet peer mentors and spend time practicing health assessment skill meet with your course professors, clinical, and lab instructors regularly throughout the semester! office hours, in-class, and online discussions are a great way to stay engaged with your learning middle years take required and option courses as outlined on the bscn collaborative nursing course sequence guide meet with the student success coordinator for program advising, to review degree requirements, and information about individualized academic support services gain an abundance of field experience through clinical practicum courses hip begin thinking about your future nursing career including graduate school options ask about opportunities to work with a faculty member on a research project or publicationhip connect with the student success coordinator to consider participating in the tutor match program final year complete all required courses to fulfill degree requirements hip meet with the student success coordinator for program advising, to review degree requirements, and information about individualized academic support services ask about opportunities to work with a faculty member on a research project or publicationhip apply to graduate through uwinsite student portal begin studying for national council licensure examination (nclex) explore professional development opportunities through continuing education previous previous next next first year complete required hours for clinical practicum courses; begin learning in the experiential learning labs hip become acquainted with the nursing student handbook and clinical placement policies investigate research opportunities as part of the outstanding scholars program hip attend extra-curricular nursing workshops such as the institute for healthcare improvement (ihi) open school events become active in nursing society; consider running for class representative positions participate in the bystander initiative workshop on campus apply for a co-curricular experience such as vip - community service learning join an association such as the registered nursing association of ontario and the canadian nursing students association middle years complete required hours for clinical practicum courses; practice in the clinical learning centre and learn in the nursing simulation lab hip investigate opportunities to work as a peer mentor in the clinical learning centre or peer tutor for nursing theory courses hip participate in nursing society events such as the annual provincial nursing games and charity fundraisers seek leadership roles in nursing society or other campus clubs/programs volunteer on a faculty of nursing committee (appointments or curriculum committees) participate in extra-curricular events such as the uwill discover undergraduate research conference and science rendezvous apply for student exchange opportunities in locations such as sweden or australia hip final year complete required hours for clinical practicum courses; practice in the clinical learning centre and learn in the nursing simulation lab hip refine skills in the clinical learning centre with a peer mentor investigate opportunities to peer tutor for nursing theory courseship participate in nursing society events such as the annual provincial nursing games and charity fundraisers conduct field research with faculty member hip volunteer on a faculty of nursing committee (appointments or curriculum committees) explore the employment portal for the new graduate guarantee initiative (nggi) apply to the tau upsilon chapter of sigma international honor society of nursing become a tutor for students offering support (sos) hip previous previous next next first year meet with a career advisor in career development and experiential learning (cdel) for help developing a plan for your future years attend extra-curricular nursing workshops such as the career exploration series chat with an advisor during cdel's drop in hours to get answers to your career and job search questions considering scheduling an appointment with the student success coordinator to have a conversation about your career options as a registered nurse attend cdel workshops to learn how to find a summer or part-time job and write a resum? and cover letter get involved with a part-time job, volunteer opportunity, campus group, or research assistantship middle years research all career fields and occupations with the help of a cdel career advisor create a linkedin profile and have it critiqued by cdel take part in informational interviews and use sources like linkedin and ten thousand coffees to meet people in your targeted profession search job postings to learn what skills, knowledge, and credentials you will need for potential careers explore further educational opportunities by attending the graduate and professional schools fair and researching admission requirements for programs that interest you take part in recruitment events and job fairs including the nursing career fair and those organized by cdel final year if you are considering applying to graduate school, be aware of early application deadlines take part in recruitment events and job fairs, including those organized by cdel attend cdel's workshops on interview skills and job search strategies attend extra-curricular nursing workshops such as the career exploration series attend the nursing career fair to build professional network and find future employment explore opportunities and meet potential employers by participating in industry networking events attend cdel's workshops on interview skills and job search strategies set up a mock interview with a career advisor for professional school or job applications compose a portfolio of relevant academic and work experience previous previous next next high-impact practices (hip) a hip is an enriching educational experience that can be life-changing and often includes learning outside of the classroom while encouraging meaningful interaction and collaboration. stay connected apply now learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor and this program! learn more related programs program name 1 | program name 2 | program name 3 | program name 4 | program name 5 apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about nursing ? let's talk about nursing we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close ? sign-up for a digital copy of our viewbook ? sign-up for a digital copy of our viewbook our viewbook provides an overview of everything you need to know about the university of windsor; we?ve got you covered from orientation to graduation. first name email address* country* please selectcanadaunited statesafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahrainbangladeshbelarusbelgiumbelizebhutanbolivarian republic of venezuelaboliviabosnia and herzegovinabotswanabrazilbrunei darussalambulgariacambodiacameroonchilecolombiacongo the dem. republic ofcosta ricac?te d?ivoirecroatiacubaczech republicdenmarkdominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadoreritreaestoniaethiopiafaroe islandsfinlandfrancegeorgiagermanygreecegreenlandguatemalahaitihondurashong kong s.a.r.hungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandislamic republic of pakistanisraelitalyjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakuwaitkyrgyzstanlao p.d.r.latvialebanonlibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacao s.a.r.macedonia (fyrom)malaysiamaldivesmalimaltamexicomoldovamongoliamontenegromoroccomyanmarnepalnetherlandsnew zealandnicaraguanigerianorwayomanpanamaparaguaychinaperuphilippinespolandportugalprincipality of monacopuerto ricoqatarr?unionromaniarussiarwandasaudi arabiasenegalserbiasingaporeslovakiasloveniasomaliasouth africaspainsri lankaswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistanthailandtrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanu.a.e.ukraineunited kingdomuruguayuzbekistanvietnamyemenzimbabwealand islandsandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaarubabahamasbarbadosbeninbermudabouvet islandbrit/indian ocean terr.burkina fasoburundicape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscomoroscook islandscyprusdjiboutidominicaequatorial guineafalkland islandsfijifrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern terr.gabongambiagibraltargrenadaguadeloupeguamguineaguinea-bissauguyanaheard/mcdonald isls.kiribatikorea (north)korea (south)lesotholiberiamadagascarmalawimarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemicronesiamozambiquen. mariana isls.namibianaurunetherlands antillesnew caledonianigerniuenorfolk islandpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpapua new guineapitcairnsaint kitts and nevissaint luciasamoasan marinosao tome/principeseychellessierra leonesolomon islandsst. helenast. pierre and miquelonst. vincent and grenadinessudansurinamesvalbard/jan mayen isls.swazilandtanzaniatimor-lestetogotokelautongaturks/caicos isls.tuvaluugandavanuatuvatican cityvirgin islands (british)virgin islands (u.s.)wallis/futuna isls.western saharazambiaisle of manjerseysaint-barthelemysouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudan want a physical copy mailed right to your front door? by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
