http://odette.uwindsor.ca/307/graduate
odette graduate programs | odette school of business skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business in this section main menu home about undergraduate programs graduate programs mba - full-time mba - professional accounting specialization mba - managers & professionals master of management masters of engineering management how to apply visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research main menu home about undergraduate programs graduate programs mba - full-time mba - professional accounting specialization mba - managers & professionals master of management masters of engineering management how to apply visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business odette graduate programs odette graduate programs the odette graduate programs have a class culture like no other. supportive, collective and familial are all terms in which our program atmosphere has been described. you will notice the personal touch and attention to detail from the first contact as an applicant through to the time you join our alumni and beyond. our small, 'boutique' programs allow for this high touch interaction leading to strong and lasting bonds with your fellow students, alumni, administration, and the region as a whole. we are committed to building and strengthening these ties through countless networking and alumni opportunities. the odette mba is a challenging program that deepens student?s self-awareness of their skills, opportunities for growth, and ultimately their careers. the focus is on experiential learning working with empowered students to create a meaningful educational experience. the master of management program will provide you with unique and thorough business knowledge that will serve as a foundation throughout your career. the master of management program will prepare you for a leadership role in the international business world. our graduates have pursued careers in accounting, finance, human resources management, and logistics and supply chain management. they have obtained employment with both private industry and public institutions, both in canada and abroad. the odette mba professional accounting specialization (pas) is designed to develop technical knowledge, interpersonal and communication skills as well as critical thinking and professional decision-making ability, all required to excel in complex work environments. students can complete the program within 12 months. students graduating from the program will hold an mba degree and be ready to write cpa ontario?s common final exam (cfe). fully accredited by cpa canada, mba-pas students who have successfully completed the program will be able to write the cfe without requiring further preparation. targeted at mid-career professionals, the mba for managers and professionals (m&p) is ideal for students looking to balance their careers, education, and personal lives. the program is taught online with some residency weekend requirements. over the two-year program classes occur every second weekend on friday nights and saturday days. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
