http://odette.uwindsor.ca/304/undergrad
odette undergraduate programs | odette school of business skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business in this section main menu home about undergraduate programs business administration business administration and computer science business administration and economics business administration and math business administration and political science business administration and psychology business administration degree completion pathways business certificates and minors how to apply graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research main menu home about undergraduate programs business administration business administration and computer science business administration and economics business administration and math business administration and political science business administration and psychology business administration degree completion pathways business certificates and minors how to apply graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business odette undergraduate programs odette undergraduate programs a higher degree of flexibility and freedom. our flagship program is the odette bachelor of commerce (bcomm) honours degree, with both co-operative education and non-co-op options. this comprehensive four-year program encompasses all the key fundamental areas of business study, fully preparing you with a strong foundation of knowledge. you might choose to combine your core business education with another discipline. you can conveniently include training in another discipline with your bcomm education through joint programs with the departments of computer science, economics, mathematics, political science, psychology, and women's & gender studies. for degree holders, we also provide degree completion pathways with advanced standing options. specialization pathways each of our bachelor of commerce programs can be paired with a specialization in one of the following areas of study: accounting finance human resources supply chain and business analytics marketing strategy and entrepreneurship international business meet tadiwa chitekeshe, business and economics undergraduate student ?my favorite thing about odette is the opportunity to learn and listen from my classmates on a daily basis. whether it be analyzing a case in class, working on a group project or collaborating with my team on the odette commerce society there are always diverse interpretations from my peers that allow me to reach a deeper understanding of concepts. being able to constantly engage with my peers through various clubs and classes has allowed me to build friendships that i know will last a lifetime. my curiosity for business and economics led me to pursue the business administration and economics program as i wanted a degree that could further assist me in pursuing corporate law. odette does not just solely focus on academics but on personal growth and career preparation for each student, which drew me in even more. odette has small class sizes which i knew would be a great fit for me as i would be able to easily pose questions to professors and get to know my peers better. my advice to future odette students would be to take advantage of the time you have at odette. build relationships with faculty and students through extracurricular activities or research projects. the support that odette offers is exceptional, whether it is regarding your personal career path or school related issues, they have systems and personnel all over from student success, professors and mentors that will help assist you and guide you. therefore, utilize these assets! ultimately, get involved in odette clubs, stay on top of your work and don?t be afraid to seek help.? share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
