https://www.uwindsor.ca/current-students/study-spaces
on-campus workspace | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor on-campus workspace on-campus workspace on-campus workspaces are closed until further notice. the closure is due to windsor-essex's move to ontario's covid-19 grey alert level (lockdown). the university strongly encourages everyone to study and work from home to the extent that that is possible. limited three-hour appointments to work on campus, however, are available to students finding it difficult to complete their course work due to internet issues at home. these pre-booked appointments are available in one of two on-campus workspaces set up with proper covid-19 physical distancing, flow and sanitation practices ? including no food and drinks and mandatory masks ? in place. ?single study student space (alumni auditorium in caw student centre) this space offers 30 quiet study stations with internet access. it is open monday to friday with three-hour timeslots available in the morning (8:30 ? 11:30 a.m.) or afternoon (1:00 ? 4:00 p.m.). for full details, including all covid-19 assessment requirements, safety protocols, and procedures, please see uwsa.ca/uwsa-services/reserve-study-space/. pre-booking is required. book online here. computer workstation space (leddy library) this space offers five computer workstations. it is open monday to friday with three-hour timeslots available in the morning (9:00 a.m. ? noon) or afternoon (1:00 ? 4:00 p.m.). for full details, including all covid-19 assessment requirements, safety protocols, and procedures, please see leddy.uwindsor.ca/pc-booking. pre-booking is required. book online here. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
