https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/460/pop-clinic
on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus take a jab! return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! why vax? how do i vax? social media tools on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! why vax? how do i vax? social media tools on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus take a jab! on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic #takeajab on-campus! all doses including boosters available. the university of windsor is hosting a covid-19 pop-up vaccination clinic, friday, february 4 at toldo education gym, adjoining the caw student centre across from dillon hall. uwindsor students who attend and receive any dose will have $25 added to their uwincard! clinic hours will be 9:30 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. or until supplies last. first, second and booster doses of the covid-19 mrna vaccine will be available. help us make campus and our community the safest it can be! vaccinations continue to be our best defence against serious illness and hospitalizations and help to protect the healthcare system. we strongly encourage our uwindsor community to get their third (booster) doses as soon as eligible. vaccination is an important part of our return to campus safety protocols. let's all do our part! no appointment or health card required! the public, pop-up clinic is open to anyone 5+! the ontario ministry of health and national advisory committee on immunization (naci) recommends booster doses of the covid-19 vaccine in the fight against covid-19 variants and cases continue to increase globally and in canada. the pop-up clinic is delivered by windsor-essex county health unit (wechu) in partnership with the university of windsor. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
