https://future.uwindsor.ca/uwin-online
online learning for fall 2021 term @ uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students what does online learning look like? learn more checkout a webinar ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close our method of delivering programs has changed. our commitment to teaching & learning has not. you might wonder: is online learning as good as being on campus? the short answer is yes, but it?s different. it can be a rich learning experience that in many cases can be more interesting, more engaging, more exciting, and is a multi-channel approach that is student centred. are there unknowns within this new frontier of online learning? absolutely, but we?re all learning our way through it, and as always we?re in this together. at uwindsor you have the tools to belong, to do, to create, to have an impact on your world, and we?re here to help you along the way. we?re a resilient community that?s committed to your future and to making your learning experience a great one, no matter what the delivery method is. what is online learning student support if you're a future or current uwindsor student preparing to attend online classes you might find this document to be helpful. it was created by students, for students. at the university of windsor, we have been teaching online for a long time. nearly one-third of our students currently take at least one course online. many of our professors already embed virtual components in their courses in addition to face-to-face interactions in a physical classroom. and many of those same professors are award-winning teachers and instructional designers ? experts in innovative educational technologies. online learning is nothing new at the university of windsor; it?s just that for the next semester we are taking what we already do so well and ramping it up for all students, investing significantly in new discipline-specific software, virtual access to high-end on-campus computing, enhancement to server infrastructure, video management, and solutions for examination delivery. our commitment is to provide a great learning environment for every university of windsor student. i am enormously proud of what our entire campus community is doing to prepare for the future, and i am confident that our students will have an engaged, dynamic uwindsor experience. patti weir acting provost and vice-president academic, university of windsor what online learning @ uwindsor is & is not? online learning is flexible, personal & connected in an online setting the student and teacher become co-creators of the learning experience. students are empowered to become active learners. a student centred, fully engaged experience more meaningful discussions, emphasis on writing skills, digital literacy, and life skills like time management, independence, and self-discipline good teaching in a different environment students will still have the same access to their professor, mentors and advisors but in an online format, and will engage with each other using whichever channels fit best. a means to a better life it?s no secret that people who have pursued higher education in the long run find more meaningful and fulfilling careers, and earn more. online learning is not is not correspondence learning online courses actually provide a high degree of personal contact and offer more opportunities for reflection, in-depth discussion, and interaction. is not us just pushing content at you it?s more than just lectures, readings and submitting assignments. the teacher and students can talk directly and in group settings, contributing as much as they want. is not easier than in person course work course content is usually the same as in-person. it may be more demanding because you have to stay motivated to keep on top of your course work independently. is not a cheap alternative for in-person learning delivery of high quality online learning is no easy task, it requires a great deal of care and preparation from our institution, the professor and the student. a list of frequently asked questions about online learning at uwindsor can be found below. you can also reach out to us through ask.uwindsor if you have a question. online learning faqs student support at any given moment support is just an email, live text chat or video call away academic advising it services (tech support) writing support desk student accessibility services orientation programs student success & leadership centre bounce back career development & experiential learning leddy library online learning benefits online learning is a solid learning solution that can foster career ready digital literacy skills one benefit of online learning is that it?s a reflection of the new normal in the modern work place. people in the modern work place working, learning and collaborating virtually and online learning fosters the ambient digital literacy skills needed to thrive within our new work environment. close apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions uwindsor prep program refresher classes to prepare incoming students for success! short, non-credit prep-courses designed to refresh students? skills and provide a taste of what classes will bring in the fall take one, a few, or all of the prep-classes to get ahead and be prepared for the beginning of your uwindsor classes each course is designed to provide a review of grade 12 curriculum and build the skills students will need in first-year classes sign-up for prep program uwin prep program info session from june 11, 2020 recording can be found here powerpoint presentation can be downloaded here contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
