https://www.youtube.com/ads/
online video advertising campaigns - youtube advertising jump to content why youtube how it works overview how it works channel creation start a channel ad creation create a video ad campaign setup set up a campaign find your audience decide on a budget measurement measure your results news and inspiration resources overview resources creative creative resources measurement measurement tools insights best practices success stories faqs 1-877-763-9810 start now grow your business with youtube ads reach potential customers where they're watching. get started now ? and start getting results. start advertising learn how it works reach your customers ? and find new ones foodies down the block. fashionistas across the country. youtube connects you to the people who matter most to your business. you know [how] you say that a picture is worth a thousand words? video is worth a million. njord rota, owner, majestic heli ski show up when it counts turn viewers into customers, on any budget. youtube ads use google data to match your message to the right people at the right moment. we were able to precisely reach people when it was the most relevant to them. kim thompson, spark foundry see the results that you want youtube ads make it easy for people to choose your business. get more purchases, subscribers, website visits and more. we have nearly doubled our sales each year since we started advertising on youtube. stephanie syberg, owner and developer, tulane's closet reach your customers ? and find new ones foodies down the block. fashionistas across the country. youtube connects you to the people who matter most to your business. you know [how] you say that a picture is worth a thousand words? video is worth a million. njord rota, owner, majestic heli ski show up when it counts turn viewers into customers, on any budget. youtube ads use google data to match your message to the right people at the right moment. we were able to precisely reach people when it was the most relevant to them. kim thompson, spark foundry see the results that you want youtube ads make it easy for people to choose your business. get more purchases, subscribers, website visits and more. we have nearly doubled our sales each year since we started advertising on youtube. stephanie syberg, owner and developer, tulane's closet 2x viewers say that they're 2x more likely to buy something that they saw on youtube.1 70% over 70% of viewers say that youtube makes them more aware of new brands.2 4x viewers are 4x more likely to use youtube versus other platforms to find information about a brand, product or service.3 everything that you need to make a great ad anyone can make a youtube ad that gets results. create a video directly on your phone, use our free tools and resources or find the perfect partner to help. learn more get started with youtube ads start now 1 versus the competitive average. source: google/talkshoppe, us, whyvideo study, n=2000, ages 18?64, general population video users, feb 2020. 2,3 source: google/talkshoppe, us, whyvideo study, n=2000, ages 18?64, general population video users, feb 2020. connect about youtube about blog how youtube works jobs press youtube culture & trends products youtube go youtube kids youtube music youtube originals youtube premium youtube select youtube studio youtube tv for business developers youtube advertising for creators creating for youtube kids creator research creator services directory youtube artists youtube creators youtube nextup youtube vr our commitments creators for change csai match social impact about youtube products for business for creators our commitments about blog how youtube works jobs press youtube culture & trends youtube go youtube kids youtube music youtube originals youtube premium youtube select youtube studio youtube tv developers youtube advertising creating for youtube kids creator research creator services directory youtube artists youtube creators youtube nextup youtube vr creators for change csai match social impact policies & safety copyright brand guidelines privacy terms help ??????? (???????? ??????? ???????) english english (australia) portugu?s (brasil) english (canada) ?? (??, ??) deutsch (deutschland) espa?ol (espa?a) fran?ais (france) ?? (???, ?????????) bahasa indonesia (bahasa indonesia) ????? (?????) english (india) italiano (italia) ??? (??) ??? (????) espa?ol (m?xico) polski (polska) ??????? (??????) english (singapore) ??? (???) t?rk?e (t?rkiye) ?? (??, ??) ?????????? (???????) english (united kingdom) ti?ng vi?t (vi?t nam) english (uae) english (china) english (hong kong sar china) english (bahasa indonesia) english (israel) english (united states) espa?ol (estados unidos) fran?ais (canada) ?????? (????) terms and conditions for this offer: in the below terms, 'google ads' may mean google ads or google ads express, as appropriate. offer available to customers with a billing address in the united states only. one promotional code per advertiser. to activate this offer: enter the promotional code in your account before 31 december 2020. in order to participate in this offer, you must enter the code within 14 days of your first ad impression being served from your first google ads account. to earn the credit: after entering the code, your advertising campaigns must accrue costs of at least $50, excluding any taxes, within 30 days. making a payment of $50 is not sufficient. the tracking of advertising costs towards $50 begins after you've entered the code. once 2 and 3 are completed, the credit will typically be applied within five days to the billing summary of your account. credits apply to future advertising costs only. credits cannot be applied to costs accrued before the code was entered. you won't receive a notification once your credit is used up and any additional advertising costs will be charged to your form of payment. if you don't want to continue advertising, you can pause or delete your campaigns at any time. your account must be successfully billed by google ads and remain in good standing in order to qualify for the promotional credit. full terms and conditions can be found here
