https://www.apple.com/services/
only on apple - services - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel apple tv+ apple music apple fitness+ apple arcade apple news+ icloud apple podcasts apple books apple card wallet the best experiences. only on apple. get the most out of the devices you love with high?quality content and services. award?winning series and films, amazing music in spatial audio, world-class workouts and meditations, trusted news publications, superfun games ? even the ways you pay for things. and they?re only on apple. get up to six services in one subscription with apple one. learn more apple tv+ bundle with one bundle with apple one stream award-winning apple originals on every screen. try it free1 learn more some titles come to apple tv+ later. ted lasso wecrashed severance the afterparty the tragedy of macbeth finch swan song apple music bundle with apple one bundle with apple one listen to music you love in spatial audio with dolby atmos.2 try it free3 learn more apple fitness+ bundle with apple one bundle with apple one from hiit to meditation, there?s something for everyone. try it free4 learn more apple arcade bundle with apple one bundle with apple one best collection of mobile games for every player. try it free5 learn more apple news+ bundle with apple one bundle with apple one hundreds of magazines and leading newspapers. one subscription. try it free6 learn more icloud bundle with apple one bundle with apple one the best place for photos and files. great features to protect your privacy. upgrade to icloud+ learn more a lifetime of photos on all your devices. record home security video. view it from anywhere.7 share photos, folders, and files with ease. store files in the cloud. keep them safe. access them from anywhere. automatic backups give you peace of mind.8 browse like it?s nobody?s business. because it isn?t. apple one bundle up to six apple services and enjoy more for less. try it free9 learn more apple podcasts millions of shows, from the biggest names to the best independents. open the app learn more apple books read, listen, discover. all in one place. open the app learn more apple card the simplicity of apple. in a credit card. apply now learn more no fees. not even hidden ones.10 up to 3% unlimited daily cash back on every purchase. apply in minutes to see if you are approved, with no impact to your credit score.11 the first credit card that encourages you to pay less interest. built for privacy and security. interest?free payments on apple purchases if you choose to pay with apple card monthly installments.12 even more experiences, at your service. apple pay today?s way to pay. learn more wallet credit cards, boarding passes, and more. all in one place. learn more apple cash spend it. send it. stash it. learn more apple footer new subscribers only. $4.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. compatible hardware and software required. not all content available in dolby atmos. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. apple watch required. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. terms apply. new subscribers only. $4.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. homekit secure video requires a supported icloud+ plan, compatible homekit-enabled security camera, and homepod, apple tv, or ipad running as a home hub. backup of purchased music is not available in all countries or regions. previous purchases may not be restored if they are no longer on the itunes store, app store, or apple books. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. variable aprs range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. accepting an apple card after your application is approved will result in a hard inquiry, which may impact your credit score. apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see https://support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. if you choose the pay-in-full or one-time-payment option for an acmi eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card?s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, sprint, verizon, or t-mobile. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. icloud requires ios 5 or later on iphone 3gs or later, ipod touch (3rd generation or later), ipad pro, ipad or later, ipad air or later, or ipad mini or later; a mac computer with os x lion 10.7.5 or later; or a pc with windows 7 or windows 8 (outlook 2007 or later or an up-to-date browser is required for accessing email, contacts, and calendars). some features require ios 15 or ipados 15 and macos monterey. some features require a wi-fi connection. some features are not available in all countries or regions. access to some services is limited to 10 devices. ? apple only on apple shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home ipod touch airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
