http://www.ohrc.on.ca/en
ontario human rights commission | skip to main content skip to global navigation skip to footer ontario human rights commission language selector english fran?ais search search ohrc social links main navigation your rights the ontario human rights code the human rights system the ontario human rights commission the human rights legal support centre the human rights tribunal of ontario frequently asked questions code grounds age creed disability family and marital status gender identity and gender expression race and related grounds receipt of public assistance record of offences sex sexual orientation social areas contracts employment goods, services and facilities housing membership in vocational associations and trade unions education & outreach events elearning webinars teaching human rights in ontario public education requests our work the ohrc at 60 backgrounders and research brochures, fact sheets and guides covid-19 inquiries legal letters papers and reports policies and guidelines submissions featured stories do you use the ohrc website? share your feedback right to read inquiry report covid-19 view page human rights 101 3rd edition (2020) call it out: racism, racial discrimination and human rights vision and mission previous pause next 1 of 6 latest news do you use the ohrc website? share your feedback march 24, 2022 if you use the ohrc website to understand the human rights system in ontario, take elearning courses, refer to policy documents on rights and responsibilities and more, please share your views by filling out the ohrc website survey. ohrc statement on ministry of education response to right to read report march 16, 2022 the ohrc is pleased with the ministry?s immediate response. throughout the inquiry process, the ministry has been receptive to hearing from the ohrc. the ministry?s announcement represents positive steps, which are aligned with key ohrc recommendations. ohrc invites community participation in joint peel regional police-ohrc community engagement sessions to address systemic racism in peel policing march 14, 2022 the ohrc and peel regional police invite people who live or work in mississauga or brampton to register to take part in one of four online community engagement sessions on measures to address systemic racism in peel policing. more news recent highlights right to read inquiry report available online now! click to read. daniel g. hill human rights awards for the 60th anniversary of the ontario human rights code. deadline extended to nominate: april 12, 2022. update on ohrc inquiry into anti-black racism by the toronto police service. click to read. human rights in ontario the ontario human rights system is made up of three separate agencies: the ontario human rights commission (that?s us) works to promote, protect and advance human rights through research, education, targeted legal action and policy development. the human rights legal support centre gives legal help to people who have experienced discrimination under the code. the human rights tribunal is where human rights applications are filed and decided. to learn more, complete our human rights 101 elearning. ohrc footer icons ohrc footer menu about the commission business plans annual reports news centre contact us expense disclosure accessibility feedback privacy statement ? queen's printer for ontario open data
