https://conta.cc/3HMZUFH
ontario reopening plan update return to campus life and community e-newsletter - february 15, 2022 february 15, 2022 ontario reopening plan update dear uwindsor community, as announced yesterday by the government of ontario, public health indicators continue to improve. in the coming weeks, public health measures will be eased with the removal of capacity limits in all indoor public settings by march 1, 2022. on this date, ontario will also lift proof of vaccination requirements, however businesses and institutions may continue to require proof of vaccination. the university of windsor?s vaccination policy is based upon a strong binding recommendation from the council of ontario medical officers of health (comoh) to require mandatory vaccination for all individuals (including but not limited to students, staff, faculty, contractors, and visitors) involved in any in-person activities, offering significant protection to the community from serious illness and hospitalization due to covid-19. we know that vaccinations are the best way to prevent negative outcomes from covid-19. therefore, in consultation with the windsor-essex county health unit, the university?s vaccination policy will remain in effect for the remainder of the winter 2022 semester. to access campus, you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are participating in the rapid antigen testing program while awaiting a determination we continue to strongly encourage the uwindsor community to receive their booster/third dose to help further reduce transmission and to protect against hospitalization and serious illness. as per the announcement, third doses are now available to anyone aged 12 and over (as of friday, february 18). masking requirements will also remain in place across the province (and on-campus) at this time. the reopening of ontario is yet another positive step towards a full return to campus life and community, two full years from the start of the covid-19 pandemic. the easing of capacity limits and other public health restrictions on campus will be guided by the government roadmap. communication in the coming days and weeks will outline the changes to campus operations based on the february 17 and march 1 guidelines. we will continue to support the incremental return of departments and staff towards a full on-campus presence. the health and safety of our campus and community remains a top priority. sincerely, rob gordon, phd president and vice chancellor patti weir, phd interim provost and vice-president, academic have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
