http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
opt out - nai: network advertising initiative skip to content support member portal search contact understanding digital advertising opt out about the nai accountability policy & news understanding digital advertising what is it? how does it work? how does it benefit me? what are my options? faq glossary opt out manage my browser?s opt outs mobile opt out connected tv choices ama opt out about the nai staff careers board members accountability code of conduct guidance compliance policy & news public policy updates press releases blog events understanding digital advertising what is it? how does it work? how does it benefit me? what are my options? faq glossary opt out manage my browser?s opt outs mobile opt out connected tv choices ama opt out about the nai staff careers board members accountability code of conduct guidance compliance policy & news public policy updates press releases blog events support member portal search contact opt out index manage my browser?s opt outs learn about internet connected tv choices learn about mobile device opt outs opt out of audience matched advertising home opt out want to opt out? manage my browser?s opt outs the nai opt-out page is provided as a convenience to the public, but the opt-out cookie is set by participating nai members, who are solely responsible for setting opt-out cookies and honoring your requests. because no technology is perfect, neither nai nor its members warrant that the opt-out tool will be error-free or always work as intended. opt out browser check learn about internet connected tv choices learn more learn about mobile device opt outs learn more opt out of audience matched advertising learn more the nai opt-out page is provided as a convenience to the public, but the opt-out cookie is set by participating nai members, who are solely responsible for setting opt-out cookies and honoring your requests. because no technology is perfect, neither nai nor its members warrant that the opt-out tool will be error-free or always work as intended. as a condition of offering this page, nai expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever and however caused arising out of or relating to your use of this page or the actions or inactions of nai members. some of the ads you see on the web or in applications on your mobile device are tailored to your interests and based on your activity online or in the applications on your mobile device. this type of ad tailoring ? sometimes called ?interest-based? or ?online behavioral? advertising ? is enabled through various technologies, including browser cookies, mobile advertising identifiers as well as other non-cookie technologies. (you can learn more about non-cookie technologies from our faq on non-cookie technologies). tailored digital ads help support the free products, services and content you enjoy online. to help protect your privacy, nai members voluntarily agree to the high standards established by the nai codes of conduct when engaging in interest-based advertising and cross-app advertising and are committed to providing you transparency and choice for these activities. this page was created to help users learn more about participating nai member companies and the transparency and choice these members offer. more info opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean you will no longer see advertising online. it does mean that the company or companies from which you opt out will no longer show ads that have been tailored to your interests. you may use this service to: find out which participating nai member companies may be conducting interest-based advertising on your browser, learn more about the individual participating nai member companies and their privacy practices by clicking on the links to their privacy notices, find out if this browser is already opted-out from interest-based advertising from participating nai member companies, learn more about tailored advertising in applications on mobile devices and the choices you have to opt out, and choose to opt out of interest-based advertising from one, some or all participating nai member companies on your browser. when opting out of interest-based advertising on this browser, participating nai member companies may store your preference in opt-out cookies in this browser. this opt-out tool enables the participating nai member companies to set their opt-out cookies directly in this browser, when possible. sometimes a browser?s configuration may prevent companies from setting opt-out cookies. if your browser?s settings blocks cookies you may experience unsuccessful opt-out requests and may see a message that an ?opt-out is blocked by browser settings,? or that an ?opt-out is temporarily unavailable.? some nai members engage only in cross-app advertising and may not be listed on this opt-out page. for a full list of members please visit our membership page. to learn more about how to opt out of cross-app advertising and receiving tailored ads in apps on your mobile device, please visit our page on opting out of cross-app advertising or select the button above ?learn about mobile device opt outs.? technology used to deliver advertising continues to evolve and change. nai and its members have worked to develop this service to enable you to opt out of the use of non-cookie technologies which some participating companies may use for interest-based advertising. nai has published guidance on the use of non-cookie technologies for interest-based advertising and continues to work with its members and other participating companies to provide appropriate transparency and choice to consumers, regardless of the technologies used, but in a manner that is consistent with this guidance. if you have any questions, please visit our faq section and our non-cookie tech faq. learn more about the nai go footer linkedin twitter youtube understanding digital advertising what is it? how does it work? how does it benefit me? what are my options? faq glossary opt out manage my browser?s opt outs mobile opt out connected tv choices ama opt out about the nai staff careers board members accountability code of conduct guidance compliance policy & news public policy updates press releases blog support report a problem member portal contact privacy policy terms of use ? 2022 nai: network advertising initiative. all rights reserved.
