https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/borrowing/order-other-libraries
order from other libraries | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library use the library borrowing order from other libraries use the library in this section borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries local public libraries universities in canada universities in the us finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries local public libraries universities in canada universities in the us finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account connect with your library order from other libraries if you are looking for a book, journal article or another information source that our library does not own, we can borrow it for you from another library ? anywhere in the world, and usually for free. items will either be scanned and emailed to you, or mailed to the library for you to pickup. the interlibrary loan (ill) service is available to all current university of windsor students, faculty members, and staff. print items: try omni first. using omni, you can search for print items (e.g., books) at 14 ontario university libraries and make requests right there. if you can't find what you need from omni, try racer next. sign-in to omni with your uwinid to get started. electronic items: use racer to make requests for electronic journal articles and book chapters from libraries across the world. you can also request print materials that aren't available from omni. register for a separate racer account to get started. omni requests search and order books from other ontario universities. find & request print books in omni place racer requests request articles, books, and chapters through racer. article requests book or chapter requests racer registration register for a racer account using your uwincard. register for racer check request status how to place requests request a print item with omni to request a print book from other ontario university libraries using omni, you will need to: go to omni use the "uwindsor libraries & omni libraries" search scope in the search box search using keywords to find your print item login to your account with your uwin account click on the title to open the record choose the "request" option and fill out the form submit the request! request electronic and print items with racer to use racer to request an electronic resource (such as an article or digitized book chapter) or a print book not available from omni, you will need to: create a dedicated racer account, if you do not have one already select the "article request" or "book or chapter request" button fill out the form with the item's reference details submit the request! frequently asked questions omni or racer ? which service do i choose? use omni for print books or physical items. if your book can't be located in omni, move on to racer. use racer for all electronic resource requests and for any print resources that you can't locate in omni. how much does this cost me? leddy library subsidizes the cost of the vast majority of requests and there is no cost to the end-user. in special cases, the cost to borrow an item may exceed the amount that we can subsidize. in this case, you will be notified about the cost before we place the request. i forgot my user id or password omni uses your uwin account. if you are having trouble logging-in, use the campus it website to manage your account. your racer account is independent of other university of windsor accounts. most accounts have the following credentials: user id: 14-digit barcode on the back of your uwincard password: selected by you when you created your racer account we can help you reset your racer password if you forget it, or if you are experiencing problems with your account. talk to us at 519-253-3000 x3195, or by email at racer@uwindsor.ca. can i request a textbook for my class? generally, textbooks are not lendable by other libraries, and therefore cannot usually be ordered through interlibrary loan. check to see if the library has the textbook through our course resources and reserves, or contact your subject librarian. interlibrary loan policies and loan periods policy omni racer loan period 120 days 6 weeks renewals unlimited 1 renewal print delivery information desk: average of 7-10 days for items mailed from omni libraries. information desk: 1-2 weeks for items mailed from canadian libraries, and 2-4 weeks for items mailed from u.s. libraries electronic delivery n/a journal articles and digitized materials such as book chapters will be delivered by email. scanned items will arrive in approximately 3-5 business days. account login uwin account racer id and password. user must create account. lost item charge $125.00 + processing charge. users have 30 days to return materials that are overdue to a fulfillment network partner before the item is declared lost. contact leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca late recall charge materials recalled must be returned to a fulfillment network partner within 7 days for routing to the home institution. following the 7-day period, fines of $4.00 per day will be assessed to a maximum of $56. fines for media will be assessed at $10 per day with a maximum fine of $100. patrons will be given 14 days to return recalled material before the item is declared lost. lost book band n/a $ 5.00 questions? talk to us! email: racer@uwindsor.ca phone: 519-253-3000 x 3195 connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
