http://odette.uwindsor.ca/314/our-facilities
our facilities | odette school of business skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business about main menu home about dean's message school history our facilities administration & staff centres and partnerships the odette school of business mission, vision, and strategic plan undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research main menu home about dean's message school history our facilities administration & staff centres and partnerships the odette school of business mission, vision, and strategic plan undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business about our facilities our facilities there?s no place like our space. completed in 1991, the odette building is a five-story structure, plus a lower level. since 2005, it has had significant renovations to upgrade its aesthetics and functionality. today, it is one of the most modern and useable facilities on campus, containing classrooms, meeting rooms, team rooms, computer labs, student lounges, study areas, tim horton?s caf?, and our state-of-the-art financial markets lab. in addition, the odette building is a completely wireless, internet-accessible facility. on the main floor, our inviting and contemporary lobby welcomes students and leads to spacious classrooms, including the allan conway, 264-seat lecture theatre. the social centre of the building is the michael zin b.comm meeting room, with floor-to-ceiling windows facing a southern exposure. filled with natural sunlight, it?s the perfect spot for group discussions, studying or just taking a break. the building?s unique architectural design permits the flow of natural light throughout the first floor corridor and into the main lobby and the many adjacent student lounge areas. down on the lower level, you?ll find a bright and casual atmosphere, with classrooms, study carousels, soft seating area, and student information centre. the second floor is where you?ll find our state-of-the-art, interactive odette financial markets lab, along with two magnificent mba classrooms, and two large meeting rooms: a full boardroom complete with electronic whiteboard and the master of management student lounge area. an impressive atrium spans the third to fifth floors, creating an airy and open gathering space for social gatherings. the administrative offices, including the dean?s suite, surround the third floor atrium area. also on the third floor, we have our mba corporate centre, and presentation/team interaction classroom complete with five breakout rooms. the fourth and fifth floors are occupied by faculty offices, meeting rooms to suit a broad range of activities, staff and faculty lounge areas, and a 60-terminal computer lab/classroom for research, teaching, workshops and symposiums. in addition to our main building, odette maintains a strong partnership with the epi centre. the epi centre provides a space for creativity for any student or recent graduate insterested in starting a business. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
