https://www.uwindsor.ca/51/our-location
our location | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor about the university about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges university of windsor about the university our location our location the university of windsor is located on the banks of the detroit river. what do you want to do today? as a university of windsor student?living in the heart of the windsor-detroit metropolitan area?the choice is yours. the uwindsor campus enjoys a prime location, only minutes from both downtown windsor and downtown detroit, two cities with distinct personalities and no shortage of things to keep you busy all year long. rollerblade along the scenic riverfront trail, then meet some friends for ethiopian food on university avenue. attend an art opening at a small gallery in windsor or visit the iconic collections at the detroit institute of arts. catch a local jazz trio at a windsor bar or head into detroit for a white stripes concert. ice skate in charles clark square or pound the plexiglass at a red wings game. uwindsor students enjoy the best of both worlds. they live in a safe, student-friendly, diverse canadian town only minutes from an american cultural metropolis. visit us soon to get a firsthand look at what makes windsor-detroit such an amazing place to live and learn. the university of windsor is located at: 401 sunset avenue windsor, ontario n9b 3p4 519-253-3000 the university of windsor, school of social work is located at: 167 ferry street second floor, room 205 windsor, ontario n9a 0c5 519-253-3000 ext. 3064 the university of windsor, centre for executive and professional education (cepe) is located at: 167 ferry street third floor, room 300 windsor, ontario n9a 0c5 519-253-3000 ext. 6721 the university of windsor, school of creative arts (soca) is located at: armouries building, 37 university avenue e. windsor, ontario n9a 1e4 519-253-3000 ext. 2829 campus map campusgo is an interactive map that can be accessed through your smartphone or desktop web browser, offering accurate and convenient indoor and outdoor wayfinding of the uwindsor campus. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
