https://www.uwindsor.ca/48/our-mission
our vision and mission | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor about the university about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges university of windsor about the university our vision and mission our vision and mission our vision the university of windsor is a progressive, student-centred university, where the challenges of communities and of a world in transition inform the education we provide, the research we do, and the creative endeavours we pursue. our mission enabling people to make a better world through education, scholarship, research, and engagement. welcome since 1963, the university of windsor has been a forward-looking community that comes together to study, to learn, to teach, and to serve. our symbol is the bridge; our vista is cross-border; our commitment is local; and our impact is global. wherever you?re from, and whether you?re a prospective student or parent, professor or staff member, alumnus or donor or friend, you will find in us a dynamic, inclusive community of higher learning with roots going back more than 160 years and with a future full of promise. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
