https://survey.wechu.org/index.php/297736?newtest=Y&lang=en
out of province covid-19 vaccine registration
    toggle navigation load unfinished survey 0% default caution: javascript execution is disabled in your browser or for this website. you may not be able to answer all questions in this survey. please, verify your browser parameters. out of province covid-19 vaccine registration who does this apply to if you live in windsor or essex county and received one, two, or three doses of a covid vaccine outside ontario, you can document your covid-19 vaccinations through this online form. some people vaccinated in ontario received vaccine from what is referred to as non-ontario stock. generally these doses were delivered at institutions such as correctional facilities, military sites, or embassies. people who received one or two doses of vaccine from the non-ontario stock may also document them through this online form. for those who received a vaccine authorized for emergency use by the who, but not canada, please note that you can still submit your information here. your doses are considered valid in ontario, but we are unable to load your records into the covax system at this time. you will be notified once this is possible. individuals who received one or two doses of a vaccine that has not been authorized by health canada nor the who should consider a new series of a health canada authorized vaccine. for more information, see the ministry of health's covid-19 guidance for individuals vaccinated outside of ontario/canada if you are planning on visiting ontario, you may use your existing proof of vaccination issued by your place of residence, along with your passport or nexus card as photo identification. the proof of vaccine must show that you meet the definition of fully vaccinated, and the name(s) must match your photo identification. what do i need to complete this process you will be required to submit proof of vaccination. if you do not have proof of vaccination, please contact the healthcare provider who gave you the covid-19 vaccine(s) to receive a copy of your vaccination record. you will also be required to provide a phone number and/or email address where we can reach you to inform you that your records have been documented in the provincial system. thank you for taking the time to provide your covid-19 immunization history. the survey will only take a few minutes to complete. please note that while we aim to process submissions as quickly as possible there may be a delay in receiving your confirmation. if you have questions about this form, contact the wechu at 519-258-2146. next load unfinished survey ? close this webpage can be translated by clicking on the ear icon. cette page web peut ?tre traduite en cliquant sur l'ic?ne de l'oreille. ???? ????? ???? ????? ??? ?? ???? ????? ??? ?????? ????? ??????????????? esta p?gina web se puede traducir haciendo clic en el icono del o?do.
