https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-07-17/outreach-program-offers-high-schoolers-week-long-experience-uwindsor-science-students
outreach program offers high schoolers week-long experience as uwindsor science students | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews luca pullo (centre) receives a uwindsor science academy certificate of completion from professor dora cavallo-medved and provost jeff berryman. outreach program offers high schoolers week-long experience as uwindsor science students jul 18th, 2019 the uwindsor science academy welcomed local secondary school students to campus july 8 to 12 for the chance to explore the science programs offered at the university of windsor. science-driven high schoolers, nominated by their teachers or schools to attend the free week-long program, participated in lectures, hands-on laboratory exercises, and research lab tours. luca pullo from st. anne?s catholic high school was one of dozens of local high schoolers nominated this summer to attend. ?i?ve always had a strong interest in the sciences,? says pullo. ?for that reason, i expressed my interest in attending, and i feel very lucky that my teacher felt i was a strong student and nominated me for this opportunity.? dora cavallo-medved, professor in the department of biomedical sciences, runs the science academy and says the program helps prepare students for successful careers in science. ?we had a fantastic week,? says dr. cavallo-medved. ?we had 50 of our top local high school science students from 17 different schools exploring our research labs and experiencing the many engaging opportunities we offer our students. they all really appreciated the opportunity to experience life as a uwindsor science student and catch a glimpse into their futures.? pullo says the experience was both engaging and informative. ?i was given a good idea of the programs available in the faculty of science,? says pullo. ?and it was also great to be able to see exactly what i would be doing in each program.? on the final day of the science academy, each participant received a certificate of completion. kyla hicks and anumita jain were awarded bursaries from the friends of ojibway prairie to attend the ontario nature youth summit this september. ?it was wonderful seeing the students so excited to win,? says mike fisher, manager of web services and systems support, who sits on the organization?s board of directors. ?we are thankful to everyone involved with science academy for making it such a great week for the students, and for helping the friends of ojibway prairie become a part of their experience as well.? ?darko milenkovic dora cavallo-medved mike fisher jeff berryman strategic priority: engage in community partnerships academic area: science share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
