https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dauntless.gs.faa.par
parachute rigger - apps on google play sign in hidden fields search apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide categories art & design augmented reality auto & vehicles beauty books & reference business comics communication dating daydream education entertainment events finance food & drink health & fitness house & home libraries & demo lifestyle maps & navigation medical music & audio news & magazines parenting personalization photography productivity shopping social sports tools travel & local video players & editors watch apps watch faces weather games action adventure arcade board card casino casual educational music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word kids ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 home top charts new releases parachute rigger dauntless aviationeducation everyone offers in-app purchases add to wishlist $81.99 buy become an faa certified parachute rigger the easy way! this is the faa parachute rigger version of groundschool, our faa knowledge (written) test preparation featuring up-to-date questions, free updates, and a question databank maintained by our professional team of master parachute riggers. groundschool is fully compatible with faa acs (airman certification standards) and our editorial team is working to keep it so as acs continues to evolve. *** this app has now been updated with many new features, including support for favorite questions, a more robust and faster update feature, support for a wider range of devices, including android 3.x and greater tablets (including large screen sizes and more and motorola devices, integration with the (optional) studystatus.com test monitoring / results sharing service, question search, and much more! *** don't be fooled by imitators! competing apps here in the android market use only the limited set of questions that the faa publicly releases via its website - that is not enough to adequately prepare you for your test! our groundschool app, on the other hand, features a much more comprehensive database (typically about 2-4 times the size of the demo faa public one) of actual and current faa questions that you likely can and will be asked on the actual test! this along with our detailed, professional explanations and easy to use interface are major reasons why parachute riggers, pilots, and mechanics have come to trust groundschool. study actual, up-to-date faa questions and then ace your faa parachute rigger written test the easy way with groundschool faa knowledge test preparation software by dauntless aviation, the trusted leader in faa written test preparation. features: * actual faa questions current and valid for right now. as soon as you install the software, use the 'update' feature and the software will connect to our servers, grab the latest questions, images, figures, and explanation content, and you'll be good to go. * question bank maintained by our experienced editorial team. * all charts and figures included * several flexible study modes - fits the way you want to study! * compatible with all faa "ground school" classroom-based courses this parachute rigger version of groundschool will prepare you for any or all of the following tests: * parachute rigger senior (rig) * parachute rigger military competence (rmc) * parachute rigger master (rmp) * designated parachute rigger examiner (pre) with dauntless aviation's groundschool, you don't need to worry: * our material is up to date. no matter what date is listed here in regarding the 'release date', this date refers to the program itself only. once you get the program on your device, use the built-in update feature and it will connect to our servers and download the latest and greatest version of the test prep content that we have available. to learn more about this, please visit our website. * furthermore, you are welcome to update the material as often as you like. this means that even if you don't take your test soon, when do you, groundschool will be ready for you. compare this to books or dvds (which are going out of date from the moment they are printed). * tens of thousands of people have used our products to prepare for their faa knowledge tests. ours is a system that works. good luck on your test! read more collapse reviewsreview policy and info loading? what's new master riggers / senior riggers - thank you for making us the most trusted faa parachute rigger knowledge test prep! this significant update looks better and works faster than ever before to help you learn the material and pass that test! our test prep content is fully faa acs (airman certification standards) compatible. as always, this app features the best and most illustrated explanations in the business maintained by a 25+ year parachute rigging school. read more collapse additional information eligible for family library eligible if bought after 7/2/2016. learn more updated november 3, 2021 size 26m installs 500+ current version 10.6.4 requires android 5.0 and up content rating everyone learn more interactive elements digital purchases in-app products $20.71 per item permissions view details report flag as inappropriate offered by dauntless aviation developer visit website android@dauntless-soft.com privacy policy 4950c york road 110 buckingham pa 18912 usa similar see more drone pilot (uas) test prep dauntless aviation faa drone pilot in command (suas) written test prep. ace the test... fast! $81.99 faa private pilot test prep dauntless aviation study actual, up-to-date faa questions and pass your private pilot written test! $81.99 pixly professional - icon pack cris87 elegance & professional in high definition icon pack! $2.99 ppgps ns31 software flight computer for paramotor, paraglider, glider and ultra light plane pilots $5.99 grey star quest gdv games and software in the world of lone wolf a new hero has arisen - grey star the wizard more by dauntless aviation see more ??????????????? dauntless aviation pass the china airlines pilot test! $68.99 ??????????? (???) dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ????????????? dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ???????????? dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ??????????? ???? dauntless aviation pass the airline pilot exam! $68.99 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
