https://support.google.com/googleplay?p=pff_parentguide
parent guide to google play - google play help google play help sign in google help help center community google play privacy policy google play terms of service submit feedback send feedback on... this help content & information general help center experience next help centercommunity google play as a precautionary health measure for our support specialists in light of covid-19, we're operating with a limited team. thanks for your patience, as it may take longer than usual to connect with us. for additional support, consult the help center. parent guide to google play explore the topics below to learn about features for parents in google play. find content for kids on your android phone or tablet, open the google play store . tap games, or apps. at the top, tap kids. all apps in this section are teacher approved. learn more about the teacher approved badge. for movies & tv, tap family. for books, tap children?s books. learn more about finding family-friendly content. learn about google play features and controls find family-friendly content on your android phone or tablet, open the google play store . tap games, or apps. at the top, tap kids. all apps in this section are teacher approved. learn more about the teacher approved badge. for movies & tv, tap family. for books, tap children's books. learn more about finding family-friendly content. supervise your child?s account you can use parent controls to: automatically lock your child?s screen for bedtime. block apps you don?t want your child to use. set screen limits. approve purchases and new apps that your child wants to download, and more. get family link download family link. add supervision to your child?s google account or create a google account for your child. select your settings. learn more about creating or managing a google account for your child. ads in kids apps ads are expected to be consistent with the maturity rating of the app or game. ad serving can change over time so you should check what types of ads are being shown from time to time. if you see ads that aren't appropriate for the age group the app was designed for, report the ad to google. use parental controls to restrict mature content if you share your android phone or tablet with others, including kids, you can turn on parental controls to block downloads or purchases of content based on the content maturity level. you can choose different parental control settings for each type of content, and for each device. learn more about setting up parental controls. prevent accidental purchases with password protection to help prevent accidental or unwanted purchases on your device, authentication is required before any purchases, including in-app purchases, are made from any apps available in the kids section, even if you don?t usually require one. learn more about passwords and authentication. use google play family library you can share purchased apps, games, movies, tv shows, and books from google play with up to 5 other family members once you set-up google play family library. learn more about family library. was this helpful? how can we improve it? yesno submit need more help? sign in for additional support options to quickly solve your issue sign in true google play apps & digital content get started with google play help by product type get android apps & digital content from the google play store parent guide to google play find the google play store app about google play ?2022 google privacy policy google play terms of service afrikaans?dansk?deutsch?eesti?english (united kingdom)?espa?ol?espa?ol (latinoam?rica)?filipino?fran?ais?fran?ais (canada)?hrvatski?indonesia?italiano?latvie?u?lietuvi??magyar?melayu?nederlands?norsk?polski?portugu?s?portugu?s (brasil)?rom?n??sloven?ina?sloven??ina?suomi?svenska?ti?ng vi?t?t?rk?e??slenska??e?tina??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? english? enable dark mode send feedback on... this help content & information general help center experience search clear search close search google apps main menu search help center true 84680 false
