https://uwsa.ca/services/psc/
peer support centre - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union home ? services ? peer support centre it?s okay not to be okay. the peer support centre is a drop-in centre where students from across campus can find a supportive peer to talk to. it?s a safe and inclusive space where trained peer support volunteers offer peer counselling to students. our volunteers are university of windsor students who have gone through extensive training to better enable them to give support to their peers. the peer support centre is a uwsa initiative, in collaboration with the student counselling centre. we are also supported by student & international affairs. speak to a peer the peer support centre is offering drop-in sessions over zoom, with vetted peer support volunteers, to uwindsor students. with flexible hours, 5 days a week, you can find a time that fits your schedule and be connected in minutes and receive the support you need. no appointment required. how it works we?ve made the process to connect to the peer support centre as easy as possible. download the zoom app to your phone or desktop here and make sure you have a registered account on zoom. click the ?connect via zoom? button on this page to get connected with a peer support volunteer. you will join the peer support centre zoom waiting room and a peer support volunteer will greet you. check the hours of operation below to see service availability. connect via zoom peer support centre contact info leslie taylor caw student centre 2nd floor, room 291 401 sunset ave windsor, on, n9b 3p4 519-253-3000 ext. 4551 psc@uwindsor.ca hours of operation mon ? fri: 10am?8pm in the right place and time after hearing an infant?s first cry, a pair of white wings from the bed of clouds would fall from the skies.everyone had a guardian angel. their kind stood bright, cherubic, and rosy-cheeked. their strong wings stretched for miles and shielded their wards from harm, with the promise of protection said on musical tongues that any child would believe. the only exception was that their assigned guardian angel would be the only one they could see. read more poems way back i can?t answer these scars, speaking out loud and messing my mind? read more uwsa postpones lancerpalooza evening events hey lancers, we?ve seen the incredible demand for the uwsa welcome week ?lancerpalooza? evening events and we know students are read more in the news be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
