http://uwindsor.ca/pensions
pensions | human resources skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students human resources human resources faculty & staff home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions employees? plan faculty and certain employees plan faculty and certain employees and employee's plans committees otpp plan forms useful links professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions employees? plan faculty and certain employees plan faculty and certain employees and employee's plans committees otpp plan forms useful links professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events human resources faculty & staff pensions pensions pension plans at the university of windsor the university of windsor supports the retirement savings plans of its eligible faculty and employees, through contributions to one of four registered pension plans. the university sponsors and administers two pension plans: the retirement plan for faculty and certain employees and the employees? retirement plan. in addition, the university, along with applicable members, contributes to the c.u.p.e. 1001 pension plan and the ontario teachers? pension plan (otpp). a pension plan is more than a valuable feature of your total compensation package ? it also plays a critical part in your overall financial plan. so, whether you are two or twenty years away from retirement, get to know your pension plan. while you?re at it, give some thought to your financial future. the resources on this page will provide you with a good start. retiring can be one of the biggest changes that we?ll face in our lives, so it?s normal to feel a little uncertainty around such an important event. with the right amount of planning, however, you?ll be able to spend less time worrying about your finances and more of your retirement years doing the things you enjoy. as part of an ongoing initiative to provide you with personalized information and support, the university has developed a convenient, online pension estimator for members of the university-sponsored plans that allows you to calculate a future pension benefit based on the assumptions that you enter. it can be a valuable tool to use in your overall financial planning. the site also contains a wealth of other plan-specific information such as your most recent and historical pension statements, the official plan documents, and an extensive glossary of plan terms. the pension estimator will also reduce turnaround time and provide savings for standard transactions. human resources is here to answer your questions and support you in your retirement planning. you are welcome to contact us at any time. contact us cheryl paglione executive director, pensions, benefits and hris cherylp@uwindsor.ca ext. 2014 room 506 cht bridget aguilar (formerly brown) pension administrator bridget.brown@uwindsor.ca ext. 2053 room 510 cht share tweet save your pension estimator pension estimator user guide - active employees user guide - retirees pension news & upcoming events pension statements at june 30, 2021 for members of the faculty and the employees' retirement plans annual open pension meeting pension workshops employee plan workshops faculty and certain employees plan workshops share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
