https://www.uwindsor.ca/648589/phd-seminar-colloquium-presentation-soroush-ziaeinejadan-introduction-seera-python-based
phd seminar / colloquium presentation of soroush ziaeinejad:"an introduction to seera, a python-based framework for future community prediction " | school of computer science skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi school of computer science school of computer science in this section welcome new to the school of computer science? news events undergraduate programs graduate programs experiential education in computer science (co-op) research members of the school faculty limited term sessional instructors staff student representatives academic planning and resources technical resources for students financial resources for students contact us welcome new to the school of computer science? news events undergraduate programs graduate programs experiential education in computer science (co-op) research members of the school faculty limited term sessional instructors staff student representatives academic planning and resources technical resources for students financial resources for students contact us uwindsor home school of computer science phd seminar / colloquium presentation of soroush ziaeinejad:"an introduction to seera, a python-based framework for future community prediction " phd seminar / colloquium presentation of soroush ziaeinejad:"an introduction to seera, a python-based framework for future community prediction " friday, april 8, 2022 - 11:00 to 12:00 school of computer science ? colloquium series the school of computer science at the university of windsor is pleased to present? phd seminar / colloquium presentation by soroush ziaeinejad date: friday april 8, 2022 time: 11:00am-12:00pm meeting url: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/85977146778?from=addon passcode: if interested in attending this event, contact the graduate secretary at csgradinfo@uwindsor.ca with sufficient notice before the event to obtain the passcode. abstract online user communities exhibit distinct temporal dynamics in response to popular topics or breaking events. i want to introduce seera, an open-source end-to-end framework, to identify future user communities in a text streaming social network. seera models inter-user topical affinities at each time interval via streams of temporal graphs and learns temporal vector representations for users. this all takes place while users? topics of interest and hence their inter-user topical affinities are changing over time. seera predicts yet-to-be-seen user communities based on the final positions of users? vectors in the latent space. notably, our framework serves as a one-stop-shop to future user communities for social information retrieval and social recommendation systems. empirical results on a twitter dataset show the convenience of seera in building an effective news article recommender system. keywords: community prediction, social information retrieval, temporal graph embedding, news article recommendation biography my name is soroush ziaeinejad, and i am a ph.d. student in computer science at university of windsor and a graduated student with a master?s degree from amirkabir university of technology (aut) ? tehran polytechnic in ai. my main area of interest includes social information retrieval and natural language processing. phd seminar / colloquium presentation 5113 lambton tower 401 sunset ave. windsor on, n9b 3p4 (519) 253-3000 ext. 3716 csgradinfo@uwindsor.ca share tweet save cs events phd seminar / colloquium presentation of soroush ziaeinejad:"an introduction to seera, a python-based framework for future community prediction " fri, 04/08/2022 - 11:00 msc thesis defense announcement of sheena hora:"segceco: subgraph embedding of gene expression matrix for prediction of cell-cell communication" fri, 04/15/2022 - 13:00 msc thesis proposal announcement of kevin shi:"automated feature engineering for automl using genetic algorithms" tue, 04/19/2022 - 15:00 wicys windsor twitter tweets by wicyswindsor computer science society instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by uwin computer science society (@uwindsorcss) share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
