https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2022-01-13/pianist-excited-innovative-symphony-concerts
pianist excited by innovative symphony concerts | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews education professor christine vanderkooy is a featured pianist in the digital concert series being launched today by the windsor symphony orchestra. pianist excited by innovative symphony concerts jan 14th, 2022 the windsor symphony orchestra will launch a digital concert series today that celebrates cuisine and history alongside the music, and education professor christine vanderkooy is excited to be part of it. a pianist, she will perform in two of the seven entries in ?the music. the story. the food.? the videos will include stories about the composers and set a cultural scene with discussion of foods drawn from their times and places, led by history professor rob nelson. subscribers will receive recipes paired with each episode, and may connect with a local restaurant or bakery for prepared versions of the dishes. ?it?s a vivid display of artistry and creativity that models how the pandemic has inspired some to respond with creativity, adroitness, and reinvention,? says dr. vanderkooy. ?we are especially fortunate to have such an innovative orchestra here in windsor led by the intrepid and indefatigable maestro robert franz.? in episode 5, she will play samuel coleridge-taylor?s nonet, op. 2 for piano, strings, clarinet, oboe, horn, and bassoon ? a work that was new to her. ?i?m confident the audience will love it for its sweeping melodies and romantic elegance,? vanderkooy says. ?it?s a thrilling ride and a piece that deserves to be heard a lot more often.? and she will perform j.s. bach?s concerto no. 5 in f minor for piano and string orchestra as a featured soloist in episode 7. ?it is one of my favourite keyboard works by bach, perfectly constructed with a refined game between the keyboard and orchestra, and a recognizable second movement that is guaranteed to melt your heart,? she says. ?having the opportunity to perform this beloved work with outstanding musicians of the windsor symphony is a mountaintop experience, to be sure. i can?t wait to share it with the windsor community and beyond.? find details, including full programs and ticket info, on the wso website. christine vanderkooy rob nelson strategic priority: engage in community partnerships academic area: arts, humanities and social sciences creative arts history education share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
