https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ppgps.full
ppgps - apps on google play sign in hidden fields search apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide categories art & design augmented reality auto & vehicles beauty books & reference business comics communication dating daydream education entertainment events finance food & drink health & fitness house & home libraries & demo lifestyle maps & navigation medical music & audio news & magazines parenting personalization photography productivity shopping social sports tools travel & local video players & editors watch apps watch faces weather games action adventure arcade board card casino casual educational music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word kids ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 home top charts new releases ppgps ns31 softwaresports everyone 559 add to wishlist $5.99 buy welcome to ppgps, a flight computer for paramotor, paraglider, glider and ultra light plane pilots. -airspaces display -ppgps can now display an airspace overlay on the map. it is using openair files that can be downloaded from the net and copied in the \ppgps\airspaces folder. you may also use the airspacemap app to help you download some openair files from various sources easily, and customize these large airspace maps to fit your needs, and then export them to the ppgps airspace folder. *features overview: -real time flight information -wind direction and speed estimation -takeoff and landing phases auto-detection -return home information (display estimated travel time and bearing) -fuel calculation and warning -airspace display (openair files) -emergency geo-localized sms -barometric sensor support to improve altitude accuracy -qhn, qfe altimeter setting -online and offline maps -offline maps creator -google maps and openstreetmap map providers -rotating map -log flights in kml (for google earth), igc (leonardo servers) and gpx files -replay recorded flights -waypoint management -especially developed for paramotor -embedded user manual and tip of the day feature. -real time flight tracking on www.ppgps.info -variometer -sunset time -flynet2, flight bandit, blueflyvario and lk8ex1 variometer support -android wear smartwatch support with ppgps wear *maps: online: ppgps can display google or openstreetmap maps in connected mode. offline: download map files in your smartphone in case you don't have an internet connection during the flight. use the integrated ppgps offline map creator to generate offline maps. *instruments: ppgps provides the altitude, vario, bearing, magnetic compass, acceleration and ground speed. with just one click on instruments you switch easily between different data modes : instantaneous, average and maximum values. altimeter can be set to actual altitude or elevation (qhn, qfe) just by long-pressing on the altimeter. if your smartphone has a barometric sensor, it could be used to compute a very accurate altitude. you can use ppgps wear companion application to display your instruments on your smartwatch. *waypoints: create waypoints by tapping on the map or by entering their gps coordinates. select a waypoint with one click on the waypoint instrument (wpt). rename or remove a waypoint from the contextual menu of the waypoint list. follow the displayed route (bearing, estimated travel time and distance). prepare your waypoints from google earth and import your kml files (ppgps folder in the phone). waypoints may be automatically loaded at startup and saved at the end of the session. in case your kml file doesn't import well, please send me the file and i will fix it quickly. *wind and speeds hud: the average ground speeds are graphically displayed for every azimuth. the wind direction is displayed (red arrow) and may be reset at any time during the flight. *return home: home direction and estimated travel time to return home is always displayed (shaded red line). computations are done according to the wind for accurate results. *live tracking: enable the live tracking feature to allow your friends and family to see you live on map ! go to www.ppgps.info for more details. *airspace: copy openair files in the /ppgps/airspace folder to display airspaces on top of the map use my other app airspacemap to help you download and customize your openair files https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ns31.airspacemap launch the demonstration mode to have a quick tour. visit http://www.ppgps.info find us on facebook : https://www.facebook.com/ppgps and twitter : https://twitter.com/ppgpsandroid enjoy your flights with ppgps and thank you for your feedback. stephane.nicole31@gmail.com read more collapse reviewsreview policy and info 4.5 559 total 5 4 3 2 1 loading? what's new 1.59a 05/2021 support generic lk8ex1 protocol for bluetooth altivarios timestamps in kml track files for better replay bug fix on replay bug fix on tip of the day 1.58 04/2021 italian translation completed airspace file parsing improved file security issue with android 11 fixed 1.57 04/2021 input map and waypoint name fixed elevation above ground crash fix 1.56 09/2020 floating text color configurable lock the screen in portrait, landscape and inverted read more collapse additional information eligible for family library eligible if bought after 7/2/2016. learn more updated may 26, 2021 size 3.2m installs 10,000+ current version 1.59a requires android 4.0 and up content rating everyone learn more permissions view details report flag as inappropriate offered by ns31 software developer visit website stephane.nicole31@gmail.com privacy policy 31280 mons similar see more xc analytics xc analytics post flight analysis for paragliders, hang gliders and sailplanes $5.99 paragliding map paragliding map see where you can fly right now. worldwide! lk8000 beta lk8000 tactical flight navigator testing version of lk8000 xcsoar max kellermann open source glide computer speedo healer calculator healtech electronics ltd. free app to setup the speedohealer module more by ns31 software see more ppgps wear ns31 software ppgps wear is the ppgps companion application for your android wear smartwatch $3.59 airspace map ns31 software airspace map is a tool that lets you manage your restricted airspace map files $3.59 watch simon ns31 software play with this simon game clone on your android wear watch. $0.99 ppgps lite ns31 software flight computer for paramotor, paraglider, glider and ultra light plane pilots ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
