https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/255/pre-arrival?elqTrackId=8a030806dcb848fab69bc4d183664398&elqaid=697&elqat=2
pre-arrival information | international student centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students new students international student centre soft landing program for new international arrivals international arrivals - new & returning new students soft landing program for new international arrivals soft landing arrival form pre-arrival information arrival information international student orientations post-arrival guide suitcase to backpack health plans and services immigration and visa student exchange opportunities resources for students getting involved faculty and staff resources events isc newsletter isc room reservations contact us faq international arrivals - new & returning new students soft landing program for new international arrivals soft landing arrival form pre-arrival information arrival information international student orientations post-arrival guide suitcase to backpack health plans and services immigration and visa student exchange opportunities resources for students getting involved faculty and staff resources events isc newsletter isc room reservations contact us faq uwindsor home international student centre new students soft landing program for new international arrivals pre-arrival information pre-arrival information international arrivals: important information prior to leaving your country of origin, please visit our international arrivals for winter 2022 page down below and review all information carefully and thoroughly before proceeding with your plans. international arrivals for winter 2022 visa and immigration documents once you have received your official offer of admission to the university of windsor, you should immediately begin the process of obtaining a study permit. the application information is available on the website of immigration, refugees, and citizenship canada. application processing times may vary at different visa offices. under no circumstance should a student come to canada without satisfying all of the student visa requirements. get connected to the campus accept your offer of admission: follow the instructions in your offer of admission and make sure you confirm your acceptance by the deadline indicated on your offer. activate your student account: uwinsite student is the pathway to search and register for courses, apply to live in residence, change your address and access many other campus services. register for your courses: you can register for your courses through uwinsite student. check uwindsor email regularly for orientation, scholarship, and event information. pay your tuition please visit the finance department for details on how to pay your tuition. cibc international student pay is a new, secure online portal that allows you to arrange payments to the university of windsor. it is important that you ensure you do not have any outstanding balance with the university of windsor, or you may not be able to register for the following semester or collect your degree. cibc international student pay: book your travel to canada please note: during covid-19, please check with transportation providers for their schedule and for the latest updates on the services they are providing. it is suggested that you book your flight from your home country directly to windsor though you may have to have a connecting flight through a different city. for example, toronto (yyz), vancouver (yvr), or montreal (yul). it is important to give yourself adequate time between the arrival of your first flight and the departure of your next flight. it may take up to 3 hours for you to clear the canada customs and to get your study permit. from toronto to windsor/campus: from toronto pearson airport: air canada provides connecting flights to windsor international airport. you may also take the robert q airbus from toronto-pearson to windsor. please be aware that it takes approximately 4-5 hours to drive from toronto to windsor. from downtown toronto: regular train service from downtown toronto is provided by viarail. please be aware that it takes approximately 4-5 hours to get to windsor from toronto. billy bishop toronto city airport: billy bishop toronto city airport, known by locals as toronto island airport, is located in downtown toronto. porter airlines provides daily service from toronto to windsor. note that this option is not advised unless you will be staying in downtown toronto prior to your arrival in windsor. from other ports of entry: other major ports of entry in canada include vancouver and montreal. major airlines in canada include air canada, westjet, and porter airlines. please check the flight schedules to find the most convenient option for you to connect to windsor. complete the soft landing arrival form you should complete the soft landing arrival form as soon as you have made your travel arrangements. download the campusgo app to help you navigate uwindsor pre-arrival faq what is soft landing? international student centre (isc) is offering the soft landing program to help incoming international students prepare for their move to canada, get settled in windsor, and begin their new life at the university of windsor. do i need to register for softlanding? yes, you must fill out the softlanding form does the isc provide transportation/pickup service? the isc does not provide any transportation/pickup service. you must make accommodations on your own. visit the isc website on how to get to windsor how do i get to windsor? there are a number of different options to arrive in windsor: from toronto pearson airport: air canada provides connecting flights to windsor international airport. you may also take the robert q airbus from toronto-pearson to windsor. please be aware that it takes approximately 4-5 hours to drive from toronto to windsor. from downtown toronto: regular train service from downtown toronto is provided by viarail. please be aware that it takes approximately 4-5 hours to get to windsor from toronto. billy bishop toronto city airport: billy bishop toronto city airport, known by locals as toronto island airport, is located in downtown toronto. porter airlines provides daily service from toronto to windsor. note that this option is not advised unless you will be staying in downtown toronto prior to your arrival in windsor. other ports of entry: other major ports of entry in canada include vancouver and montreal. major airlines in canada include air canada, westjet, and porter airlines. please check the flight schedules to find the most convenient option for you to connect to windsor. what vaccinations should i get before i come to canada? consult with your family doctor in your home country. you may be required to get a medical exam for your study permit, prior to your arrival. visit cics website for more information on medical requirements. when is the last day i can arrive? you should arrive before your classes start, and in time for your orientation. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
