https://uwindsor.ca/research-innovation-services/312/preparing-your-grant-application
preparing your grant application | office of research & innovation services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of research & innovation services office of research & innovation services applying for a grant about us connect with us message from the executive director research partnerships erso research portal oris info sheet & checklist form researcher resources applying for a grant preparing your grant application submitting your grant application research requiring certification grant funded research personnel managing your grant news and events equity, diversity and inclusion in research canada research chairs covid-19 resources canada research continuity emergency research fund (crcef) return to campus vpri covid-19 guidance for researchers about us connect with us message from the executive director research partnerships erso research portal oris info sheet & checklist form researcher resources applying for a grant preparing your grant application submitting your grant application research requiring certification grant funded research personnel managing your grant news and events equity, diversity and inclusion in research canada research chairs covid-19 resources canada research continuity emergency research fund (crcef) return to campus vpri covid-19 guidance for researchers follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram uwindsor home office of research & innovation services applying for a grant preparing your grant application preparing your grant application where to begin it can be difficult to know where to start when navigating the requirements for a new grant. it is prudent to start within your department to ensure that they will support your application. contact your department head, dean and/or associate dean of research to discuss your plan, and get feedback. if your research plan is not yet ready for major granting organizations, you should also explore the university's internal funding opportunities, which are designed to help lay the foundation of major research projects. you may also be eligible for faculty-specific seed funding programs, matching funds or other awards to support the development of new proposals. before completing the application, be sure to have well-thought-out objectives and a clear research plan. this will make the process of preparing the grant application to proceed more smoothly. once you have your plan outlined, let us help! oris frequently hosts information sessions or workshops that will aid in crafting your grant proposal. see upcoming workshops & events by visiting our events and workshop page, or contact your research coordinator. view/collapse all your research team no one is an expert at everything, so it is important to have sufficient expertise on your research team to demonstrate to the review committee that your team has the necessary capacity to complete the work you propose. since knowledge mobilization, knowledge translation, and technology transfer are important objectives of many funding programs, it may be prudent to invite collaborators or include letters of support from individuals or organizations who resolve to quickly mobilize new knowledge/technology into practice and/or policy. for example, if your application deals with privacy issues, including a letter of support from the privacy commissioner of canada may demonstrate to the reviewers that activities and outcomes of your research will impact privacy policy. eligibility requirements every granting agency has slightly different eligibility requirements. ensure that you review these fully before beginning your application. the university of windsor requires all grant applicants to hold adjunct status at a minimum in order to be eligible to apply for grants. evaluation consider the audience, e.g., committee members/reviewers must have enough information to evaluate the significance of your research originality and contribution to the advancement of knowledge/field of study quality of the literature review, if applicable appropriateness of the theoretical approaches/framework appropriateness of the research strategies/methodologies suitability of plans to communicate research results the nature, extent and benefit of research training reviewing your work in progress oris routinely offers workshops to help you develop particular grant applications or sections thereof. we also host regular writing retreats during which you can work on your grant proposals (or research-related manuscripts) and receive just-in-time feedback from oris consultants! for details, read our monthly e-newsletter or email announcements, follow our social media feeds, or monitor our workshop registration website. take advantage of the expertise in oris. we get to know the major funding agencies well and can readily interpret their jargon. we can pass on tips that aren?t obvious in the application instructions. we may have excerpts from successful applications to share. moreover, we are wordsmiths with skill in grant writing! meet with us or email us your rough drafts well in advance of the deadlines, and we will offer our suggestions for strengthening your proposal, including its organization, persuasiveness, clarity, and cohesiveness. we strongly recommend that you have your proposal reviewed by at least one peer in your field or discipline, and consider his or her feedback for your research design. if you are not sure who to ask, reach out to your oris contact. presentation clear and precise objectives objectives: communicate the link between your project and the sponsor?s goals clear theoretical framework or conceptual approach explain and justify methodology (where appropriate), establish a relationship between objectives methodology and budget define all key terms or concepts include a complete literature review, if applicable append a bibliography ensure that the application follows the sponsor?s guidelines budget the budget should be appropriate, reasonable and fully justified always refer to the agency?s guidelines for a list of eligible expenses expenses must be calculated correctly the budget must be feasible and will support your proposed research record of research achievement peer-review committees rely on your past record of achievement as a means of predicting future performance quality and significance of published work or relevant experience originality and impact of previous research importance of other scholarly activities (e.g. academic conference presentations) the recentness of output and consistency of output managing a project of applicable size and scope training of students or future researchers characteristics of a successful application clarity: application is well written, well organized and free of errors originality: application is challenging, interesting, ambitious yet feasible importance of research is clear the impact is stated clearly edi statements many funding agencies now require that you include a statement addressing equity, diversity and inclusion (edi) in your application for funding. oris offers extensive resources on how to develop edi practice in your lab, both live and on-demand. your research coordinator will assist you in crafting a statement, however please note that oris does not offer boilerplate text for edi statements, as they must reflect the actual practices and goals of your research program. common problems application is ?premature? project is too ambitious the methodology is inappropriate, or too vague theoretical rationale is lacking project is not adequately contextualized budget is not feasible we strongly recommend that you have your proposal reviewed by a colleague and consider his/her feedback. additional resources for preparing grant applications submitting applications to the oris erso research portal how to submit grants/contracts and obtain institutional signature preparing budgets research overhead policy tri-agency guide on financial administration research grant proposals why academics have a hard time writing good grant proposals by robert porter national science foundation: guide to proposal writing contract research contract research non-disclosure agreements share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on instagram funding calendar share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
