https://www.uwindsor.ca/publicaffairs/410/press-release
press release archive | office of public affairs & communications skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of public affairs & communications office of public affairs & communications news services about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library uwindsor home office of public affairs & communications news services press release archive press release archive state of the university address scheduled for wednesday (windsor, ontario, tues., jan. read more about state of the university address scheduled for wednesday ? published on jan 25th, 2022 uwindsor researchers lead international team in new prostate cancer diagnostics (windsor, on, jan. read more about uwindsor researchers lead international team in new prostate cancer diagnostics ? published on jan 24th, 2022 researcher?s ?mask hacks? suggest alternatives to scarce n95s dr. ken drouillard read more about researcher?s ?mask hacks? suggest alternatives to scarce n95s ? published on jan 17th, 2022 uwindsor scholars claim two canada research chairs read more about uwindsor scholars claim two canada research chairs ? published on jan 13th, 2022 local grant to fund study on cancer support for members of lgbtq2+ community read more about local grant to fund study on cancer support for members of lgbtq2+ community ? published on jan 12th, 2022 university of windsor launches open-to-all course on race and anti-black racism (windsor, ontario, tues., jan. 11, 2022) ??? in collaboration with the university of windsor?s office of the vice-president, equity, diversity, and inclusion, and with the support of the black council of windsor-essex, continuing education is offering an 18-hour course on race and anti-black racism. read more about university of windsor launches open-to-all course on race and anti-black racism ? published on jan 11th, 2022 jacobs named senior advisor to the president on indigenous relations and outreach (windsor, on, jan. read more about jacobs named senior advisor to the president on indigenous relations and outreach ? published on jan 5th, 2022 university seeks public input to develop new five-year strategic plan (windsor, on, nov. read more about university seeks public input to develop new five-year strategic plan ? published on nov 23rd, 2021 professor george j. sefa dei to lecture on race, indigeneity, decolonization, and anti-colonial education read more about professor george j. sefa dei to lecture on race, indigeneity, decolonization, and anti-colonial education ? published on nov 23rd, 2021 scarborough charter a commitment to fighting anti-black racism on campus (windsor, on, fri., nov. read more about scarborough charter a commitment to fighting anti-black racism on campus ? published on nov 19th, 2021 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? next ? share tweet save daily news top stories event to provide info on creative writing program session promises information on international student centre law profs named editors-in-chief of professional journal track and field lancers earn hardware at national meet gala honours inspirational women more contact pac welcome center (2nd floor south) phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3240 email: pac@uwindsor.ca share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
