https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/library-computing/printing-photocopying
print and copy | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library use the library library computing print and copy use the library in this section library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem connect with your library print and copy printing and photocopying is available on the library's first floor. it help desk staff are on duty to answer questions and help you with printing at the information desk. please note that library staff are unable to fix problems with your uwin account. please contact it services directly via their live chat service. printing printing cost and payments cost black and white printing: $0.07 per page. colour printing: $0.24 per page printing is double-sided by default on black and white printers. payment payment can be made by uwin student card or by a guest print card. students can add money to their uwin student card online. https://www.uwindsor.ca/uwincard/300/depositing-money you can also add cash with the uwincard deposit machine in the caw centre. guest print cards are available for purchase at the information desk for $2.00 or $5.00. a charge of $1.00 is applied for the purchase of a card. so a $5 card will have $4 available for printing. cards may be purchased with debit card, credit card, or apple pay. please note that library staff are unable to fix problems with your uwin account. please contact it services directly via their live chat service. after hours, you will have to purchase a guest card if you are unable to use your uwin account. how to print find an open computer workstation on the first floor of the main building. locate the name of the computer as labeled on the monitor bezel, e.g. led-393821-a14. note the last three characters, e.g. a14. have your files ready on a usb flash drive or access them online from microsoft office, google drive or another cloud storage service. print your file(s) to one of the printers: leddy main - monochrome (black and white) leddy main - colour go to the print station located just east of the elevators on the 1st floor. at the monitors, find and select the computer name that ends with the three characters as noted. select the file(s) you want to print, and follow the on-screen instructions to print. swipe your print card through the card reader with the stripe toward the light, to deduct the cost of the print from your account. a notification message will appear with the location of the printer where your print job was sent. when you're finished printing, make sure you sign-out of all accounts and remember to take your usb drive. this will ensure that no one will be able to access your files or accounts. tips and troubleshooting wrong characters in printout: try printing to pdf and then printing the resulting pdf file. test your printouts by printing 1 or 2 pages before printing large documents. when you're finished printing, make sure you sign-out of all accounts and remember to take your usb drive. this will ensure that no one will be able to access your files or accounts. if you do not have a uwin student card, you will need to contact the uwin card office. if your print job does not go through and your account has been charged, please see the it help desk staff for support. photocopying and scanning there are 9 photocopiers throughout the library. you must use your uwincard to pay for your copies. photocopying costs 9 cents per page for black and white 26 cents per page for colour 30 cents per page for microfilm and microfiche photocopiers locations main building main floor - 4 monochrome copiers and 1 colour copier basement - 2 monochrome copiers west building main floor - 1 monochrome copier basement - 1 monochrome copier scanning flatbed scanners are available at many of the computers on the main floor. open epson scan to get started. ask your it desk consultant for help if you're stuck. connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
