https://leddy.uwindsor.ca/borrowing/print-pickup-digital-delivery
print pickup and digital delivery | leddy library skip to main content search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support search our collections explore articles & databases journal search course resources & reserves search omni uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits theses and publications southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing contactless services borrowing policies order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces find a study space places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty graduate students international students undergraduate library computing computers & software wifi off-campus access printing and photocopying learning and research support get help research help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library library faqs covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students leddy library my library account search our collections explore articles & databases find books, articles and more journal search course resources & reserves featured at leddy uwindsor collections archives & special collections digital exhibits institutional repository southwestern ontario digital archive windsor journals about collection reviews suggest a purchase use the library borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account library spaces spaces and bookings places & desks academic data centre archives & special collections writing support desk paul martin law library services for... accessibility at leddy alumni distance education faculty & postdocs graduate students international students undergraduates library computing computer help desk computers & software off-campus access print and copy wifi report a problem learning and research support get help research and reference help resources by subject research and course guides tutorials writing support desk key service areas academic data centre archives & special collections centre for digital scholarship open access and publishing research data management copyright course support request library instruction submit course reserves copyright and teaching open education about leddy stay connected contact us send us feedback hours new at your library covid-19 updates key documents our mission and vision message from the university librarian reports & plans library policies more info history of the library giving work at the library organizational memberships leddy library use the library borrowing print pickup and digital delivery use the library in this section borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account borrowing requests and pickups borrowing policies laptop lending order from other libraries finding items in leddy tech & accessories your library account connect with your library print pickup and digital delivery users can pick up all print requests inside the library at the information desk. entering the building will require an approved safe lancer app status and a mask at all times. print requests and pickup how to request for pickup login to your account locate the item in omni, the library search tool, and click "request for pickup". if you need to request multiple volumes from a multi-volume set, please submit request and use the "comment" field to indicate which volumes you want to request. once you submit your request an email with pickup instructions will follow once staff are able to checkout your items to your account. once you receive the on hold shelf notice, your items will be available on our next pickup day. we?ll do our best to prepare your request in a timely manner. the introduction of enhanced health and safety protocols for staff and users means it may take us longer than usual to prepare your request; thank you for your patience and understanding. regular circulating items must be picked up within 5 days from the date your order was processed. please email leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca if you have any questions or call x3402. picking up your items users can pickup all print requests inside the library at the information desk. entering the building will require an approved safe lancer app status and a mask at all times. building access is also limited by covid capacity. when you arrive at leddy you will be required to scan your approved safe lancer qr before entering or fill out a paper self assessment and sign-in. any users who cannot enter the building for print pickup can email leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca or call x3200 to make arrangements to have their books exchanged at the front doors. you are still be required to show your approved safe lancer app when coming to campus. how long can i have my items? the library has updated our loan periods for materials to simplify communications and renewals. faculty & staff: 120 days + unlimited renewals graduate students: 120 days + unlimited renewals undergrads: 120 days + unlimited renewals in order to minimize the handling of materials and limit traffic on campus patron recalls will not be available. however, the library reserves the right to recall high demand items to ensure broad access to resources if required. what can you request? you can request all regular loan print and audio-visual materials for contactless pickup. the following items are only available for digitization in accordance with campus copyright guidelines and will not be circulated: journals and other serials reference materials crc kits if we don?t have the item you?re looking for, please submit a suggestion for purchase. health, safety and how you can help we kindly ask you to partner with us to keep the windsor community safe and healthy. you must have an approved self-assessment before entering the building. wear a mask at all times when in the building. when picking up library material, please respect the signage and markers regarding physical distancing and traffic flow. we?re doing our best to get requested digitized and print materials to you in a timely manner. we thank you for your patience. scanning and digitization requests what is digital delivery? you can request scans of portions of eligible physical library materials to be delivered in pdf form by email as allowable under existing copyright laws and fair dealing guidelines. this is typically limited to 10% or 1 chapter. digital delivery offers broad access to physical collections, including book chapters, journal articles, government documents, reference works, and more. choosing digital delivery means you can conveniently request and access material at home on any of your devices. it also allows more people to access the same item, bringing library collections to as many users as possible. certain items are only available through digital delivery. this includes print journals and serials, and reference materials. how to request digital delivery login to your account locate the item in omni, the library search tool, and click "request a chapter scan". use this link for articles and other scan requests. you will receive an email with instructions for accessing your digitized material within seven days. connect with your library contact us research & reference help library hours my library account wellness blackboard manage uwin account terms and conditions emergency services for students the university of windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations: the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
