https://engageuwindsor.ca/privacy
privacy policy
 | engage uwindsor
 our website uses cookies cookies help us to understand how you use our website so that we can provide you with the best experience when you are on our site. to find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy. manage cookies a cookie is information stored on your computer by a website you visit. cookies often store your settings for a website, such as your preferred language or location. this allows the site to present you with information customized to fit your needs. as per the gdpr law, companies need to get your explicit approval to collect your data. some of these cookies are ?strictly necessary? to provide the basic functions of the website and can not be turned off, while others if present, have the option of being turned off. learn more about our privacy and cookie policies. these can be managed also from our cookie policy page. strictly necessary cookies(always on): necessary for enabling core functionality. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. this cannot be turned off. e.g. sign in, language analytics cookies: analytical cookies help us to analyse user behaviour, mainly to see if the users are able to find and act on things that they are looking for. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. tools used: google analytics manage cookies social media cookies: we use social media cookies from facebook, twitter and google to run widgets, embed videos, posts, comments and to fetch profile information. manage cookies i'm ok with that manage cookies cancel ? ? skip to skip to skip to content jump to navigation search page outlines loading... ie10 and below are not supported. google chrome mozilla firefox contact us for any help on browser support you are here: home privacy policy some content on this page may not display correctly. please enable javascript in your browser's settings and refresh the page. privacy policy what this policy covers we, university of windsor, take our privacy obligations seriously and we?ve created this privacy policy to explain how we treat your personal information collected on this website. personal information is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you. our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information is regulated by the personal information protection and electronic documents act (canada), or similar privacy legislation applicable in your province, as amended from time to time. you can find more information about your privacy rights at the web site of the office of the privacy commissioner of canada (opc), http://www.priv.gc.ca. the software platform this website runs on and associated technology operations are provided by bang the table pty ltd. click this link for the privacy policy governing their service. what personal information we collect profile information we collect information from you when you register to use this site. this includes your email address and additional demographic information as provided by you on the registration form. please note that you are able to browse any publicly accessible sections of this website completely anonymously without signing up. engagement information the content you create as part of your interactions with this website. these can include responses to surveys, comments on discussion forums, or any of the other engagement opportunities available here. usage information we collect information about your usage of the site, such as pages visited, documents downloaded, etc. how we use the information we collect we collect this information in order to: analyse and interpret it to help meet our objectives and obligations; communicate information to you about engagement opportunities, events and other initiatives; and respond to enquiries and otherwise engage with stakeholders. external links our website may contain links to other websites. those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of linked websites and we suggest you review the privacy policies of those websites before using them. security while no online service is completely secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take all reasonable measures to do so. requesting access or correcting your personal information subject to applicable local laws and regulations, you may have some or all of the following rights with respect to your personal data: to access your personal data and to rectify any inaccuracies within that personal data; to request for the erasure of your personal data residing with us; to request your personal data in portable, machine-readable format; and to withdraw your consent to our processing of their personal data. if you wish to contact us to with a request relating to personal information we hold about you, please contact us using the contact details set out below including your name and contact details. we may need to verify your identity before providing you with your personal information. in some cases, we may be unable to provide you with access to all your personal information and where this occurs, we will explain why. we will deal with all requests for access to personal information within a reasonable timeframe. contact us for further information about our privacy policy and related information practices, or to access or correct your personal information, or make a complaint, please contact us on notifications@engagementhq.com
