http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/hr/workshops/5/
professional development opportunities: wellness professional development opportunities employee engagement & development - department of human resources welcome! please log in. home register now! apr 07 ? bystander intervention ? an introduction (second offering) apr 12 ? social media tips and tools (second offering) coming soon apr 13 ? overcoming challenging service interactions (second offering) apr 19 ? understanding worry & anxiety (second offering) apr 21 ? working through change and transition (second offering) apr 27 ? building resiliency (second offering) apr 28 ? blackness and intersectionality: checking the visible and invisible boxes apr 29 ? retirement planning seminar - for members of the faculty and certain employees retirement plan may 03 ? understanding indigenization (second offering) may 05 ? creating accessible documents (second offering) may 10 ? words matter ? inclusive language in service delivery may 12 ? promoting a culture of wellness (second offering) ?and more! wellness the wellness series of seminars have been designed to support the health and wellbeing of university of windsor employees. these free seminars are open to all university of windsor employees. show past offerings tuesday, april 19, 2022 understanding worry & anxiety (second offering) to register, please log in. schedule: tuesday, april 19, 2022, 01:00 pm ? 02:30 pm location: online - information to join will be sent from employeeengagement@uwindsor.ca instructors: ewelina horochowik this workshop is open to faculty and staff only. invitation to join the webinar will be e-mailed prior to the session during these unprecedented times a certain amount of worry and anxiety are normal. while worry is a part of anxiety, it is not the same thing. this session will explore the difference between worry and anxiety, what to do if you are worrying excessively and anxiety coping strategies. wednesday, april 27, 2022 building resiliency (second offering) to register, please log in. schedule: wednesday, april 27, 2022, 01:00 pm ? 02:30 pm location: online - information to join will be sent from employeeengagement@uwindsor.ca instructors: ewelina horochowik this workshop is open to faculty and staff only. invitation to join the webinar will be e-mailed prior to the session we all juggle personal, family, social, financial, and work demands. most of us do well, but any of us could be blindsided by an unexpected crisis or overwhelmed when stressors start to pile up. this session will help you create a plan to improve your resilience and develop healthy coping strategies to deal with life's challenges. thursday, may 12, 2022 promoting a culture of wellness (second offering) to register, please log in. schedule: thursday, may 12, 2022, 01:00 pm ? 02:30 pm location: online - information to join will be sent from employeeengagement@uwindsor.ca instructors: ewelina horochowik this workshop is open to faculty and staff only. invitation to join the webinar will be e-mailed prior to the session each of us can play a critical role in encouraging and enabling a culture of wellness. we have the opportunity to role model healthy behaviours and healthy habits that can enhance work-life balance. this session will highlight simple wellness enhancing practices when working remotely and on campus. thursday, june 9, 2022 working on campus and remotely - ergonomic reminders (second offering) to register, please log in. schedule: thursday, june 09, 2022, 01:00 pm ? 02:30 pm location: online - information to join will be sent from employeeengagement@uwindsor.ca instructors: ergonow this workshop is open to faculty and staff only. invitation to join the webinar will be e-mailed prior to the session many of us spend a large portion of the day sitting behind a computer carrying-out our work. this session will provide practical tips on making simple changes to our workstation at home and on campus that you can help you avoid discomfort and prevent injury. department of human resources university of windsor
