https://www.uwindsor.ca/continuingeducation/459/project-management-certificate-program
project management | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor in this section featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor project management project management windsor-essex professionals' choice for project management interested in sending a member from your organization? you may be eligible for the canada-ontario job grant as a way to off-set the cost. learn more. ? register now ? back to main page the university of windsor's accelerated project management certificate program (pmcp) provides participants with the skills necessary to succeed in project management and is ideal for all disciplines. the non-credit certificate program also serves to build requisite professional development units (pdu) toward professional pmp certification, and is comprised of two levels: level i: project management essentials course (six, half day online classes) this course covers the fundamentals of project management and is intended for those with no formal training in project management. the course guides learners through an understanding of how to apply the most essential concepts of project management to different types of projects. note: project management essentials level i must be taken before level ii courses. a prior learning assessment may be considered. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to learn more. level ii: 5 core courses and 1 elective course (each class is two, half days and can be completed in any order) take 5 core courses (mandatory to achieve level ii): project communication & stakeholder management managing variances: cost & schedule fundamentals introduction to agile project management managing project risk leading project-driven change take 1 of 3 electives (choose): defining and managing project requirements ? ideal for it, r&d, business and entertainment procurement and contract management - ideal for engineering and construction project closeout best practices ? ideal for any individual working in project management register for all level ii core courses and 1 elective as a bundle and save $299. use code: 10%bundle at checkout. not valid with any other discounts. courses can be taken individually or complete all 7 courses to achieve the accelerated project management certificate. want to learn more? watch the live info session! in this live info session, kevin aguanno, president of procept associates ltd. presents an overview of accelerated project management program, its benefits towards pmi certifications, professional development units earned, pmp exam prep course and certified agile project manager course. level i project management essentials level i: pmcp 7101 project management essentials (21 hours) - 6 half-days schedule: april 27-may 6, 2022 | 8:30am-12pm est next session: september 26-october 5, 2022 | 8:30am-12pm est just six, half-day online sessions in this fundamental course presents an accessible, hands-on journey through a project from initiation to closing, with a special emphasis on initiation and planning. course participants work in project teams to practice pm tools while they experience the realistic challenges that are encountered on projects. although it is possible to customize a case study for a specific industry or organization, this course offers 2 case studies so there is something for everyone. real-life stories from a variety of industries are used to illustrate key concepts and best practices and the instructor encourages course participants to share their experiences. this ensures the discussions are realistic and relevant. project management essentials is compliant with the project management body of knowledge and it introduces tools and terminology without overwhelming participants with jargon. the course focuses on developing practical skills that can be applied immediately to increase the level of success on projects. the instructor leads you through a course that is fun, fast-paced, interactive, and adapted as required based on the needs of each audience. project management essentials is level i of the accelerated project management certificate. course outline: introduction and pm context portfolios, programs, projects project success, project life cycles workshops: project priorities, project success initiating the project stakeholders and requirements project team, working in a matrix workshops: project stakeholders, project charter planning the project work breakdown structure project change control communications planning estimating project risk management critical path scheduling workshops: wbs, critical path scheduling, change control, project communications plan, risk management, project schedule project execution roles and responsibilities scope management conflict management leadership and motivation schedule control cost control workshops: roles and responsibilities, conflict management, schedule updates, reporting and control project closure closing and lessons learned wrap-up workshops: lessons learned learner outcomes: use the terminology and processes of modern project management prepare a complete and accurate project plan for your project facilitate team discussions to learn from the pm experiences of others practice pm skills using templates value the benefits of a consistent pm methodology notes: the project management essentials course is appropriate for individuals who are: responsible for managing smaller projects. participants on a project team of any size, especially those who have not yet been exposed to the tools, techniques and terminology of formal project management. this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. daily online participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to achieve the course certificate of completion from uwindsor continuing education. prerequisites: to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) instructor: janice petley location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $1295+hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. ? register now level ii: project communication & stakeholder management level ii: project communication & stakeholder management - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: may 30 & 31, 2022 | 8:30am-12:00pm est next session: february 13 & 14, 2023 | 8:30am-12:00pm est course description this course is designed to provide participants with an understanding of the complexity of managing stakeholders and project communications. we will cover the processes, tools and techniques of project communications management and project stakeholder management as presented in the project management institute?s (pmi?) a guide to the project management body of knowledge? participants will learn through application to a case study and hands-on exercises. this is one of five core courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. course outline topics include: introduction & project management definitions and context managing stakeholders (identifying stakeholders, creating stakeholder plans and using tools for stakeholder management) effective communications with stakeholders stakeholder engagement communication skills productive meetings monitoring stakeholder engagement and negotiation learner outcomes at the end of this course, participants will be able to: use the terminology and processes of stakeholder and communications management prepare a project or program communications management plan use the tools of stakeholder analysis learn tools and develop strategies for managing and monitoring stakeholder engagement learn tools and develop strategies for managing and project communications articulate the benefits of a proactive approach to project communication and stakeholder management notes this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. prerequisites to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: janice petley location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. managing variances: cost and schedule fundamentals level ii: pmcp 7202 managing variances: cost and schedule fundamentals - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: june 27-june 28, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est next session: march 20 & 21, 2023 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est course description one of the primary responsibilities of a project manager is to manage a project?s budget and schedule. success is often measured based on meeting deadlines and delivering the project within financial and schedule constraints. this role today is much more complex, requiring a deeper understanding of stakeholders? goals, needs, expectations, requirements, and risk tolerance. a project manager must have a holistic perspective and a nuanced understanding of project elements and their interaction with budgets and schedules. this online instructor-led course will review roles and responsibilities, estimating, how to be a good steward of project resources and how to adapt project scheduling and budgeting efforts to uncertainty with concepts such as rolling-wave planning and agile delivery. this is one of five core courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. learner outcomes at the end of this course, participants will be able to: understand the roles and responsibilities of the project manager and other subject matter experts such as schedulers, financial experts, and others prepare a project budget and schedule use fundamental scheduling techniques such as calculating critical path and float use cost-benefit analysis, earned value and velocity for project decisions and to understand project health appreciate the importance of a sophisticated and nuanced understanding of project objectives notes this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. active participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to successfully complete the course. prerequisites to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: darya duma location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. introduction to agile project management level ii: pmcp 7203 introduction to agile project management - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: february 3 & 4, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est next sessions: november 17 & 18, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est june 26 & 27, 2023 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est many organizations are now introducing agile delivery techniques into the workplace with the goal of delivering faster, with greater efficiency. to achieve these benefits, agile methods encourage a closer collaboration between the project business stakeholders and the project delivery team, they encourage the lowering of barriers (functional silos) between roles, and they promote communications techniques that foster a culture of openness and transparency. this level of change may create resistance for some people who have difficulty adapting. one of the best ways of overcoming such resistance is through education. this online instructor-led class aims to introduce stakeholders and project team members to the agile way of working using the common scrum framework. unlike typical scrum-based training, however, the course expands the framework to include an overview of agile requirements management techniques and agile estimating and planning techniques that are used to set reasonable stakeholder expectations at the start of an agile project. this is one of five core courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. course outline topics: what is agile and what's in lt for me? the need for agile the agile philosophy an overview of the scrum method agile requirements management overview rolling-wave planning & the 3-levels of agile planning a day in the life of an agile team wrap up this course is aimed at anyone who is interested in developing a basic understanding of how agile methods work, including project team members and other stakeholders. learner outcomes: this course provides project stakeholders and project team members with a basic understanding of how agile projects are structured, including an introduction to the common scrum framework, and how disciplined approaches to agile can be used to set (and manage) realistic stakeholder expectations. notes: this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. prerequisites: to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: kevin aguanno location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. managing project risk level ii: pmcp 7204 managing project risk - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: october 17 & 18, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est course description this online instructor-led course explores quantitative and qualitative techniques to identify and analyze project risk factors (risk event, event probability, and event impact). a variety of risk response choices are discussed, and risk identification and risk response are practiced in workshop groups. quantitative techniques are applied to problems, but don?t worry, advanced mathematics is not used! this is one of five core courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. course outline topics: introduction and risk factors risk management process including risk classification systems, risk tolerance, response development, mitigation risk tools including expected monetary value, payoff tables, decision trees, critical path network notes this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. active participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to successfully complete the course prerequisites to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: janice petley location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. leading project driven change level ii: pmcp 7205 leading project-driven change management - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: november 3 & 4, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est next session: june 5 & 6, 2023 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est course description what distinguishes projects from business-as-usual operations is that projects introduce change; therefore, change is a fundamental goal of every project. yet, many people resist change for various reasons. this resistance, if not accounted for in project delivery strategies, can lead to significant risks jeopardizing the attainment of project objectives. through a combination of online lectures and individual and group activities based on real-world case studies, this course introduces project managers to the fundamentals of change management practice, helping them to understand the risks introduced by change resistance and how to reduce or eliminate those risks. by incorporating the techniques revealed in this course into their toolkits, project managers will be better able to deal with stakeholders, reduce project delays, increase efficiencies, and reduce the risk of not meeting a project?s business case objectives. this is one of five core courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. course outline topics: introduction the project manager?s role in leading change identifying change-related risks communication strategies planning for change wrap-up learner outcomes at the end of this course, participants will be able to: identify barriers to change including stakeholder reactions choose appropriate strategies to address specific change resistance points prepare better stakeholder management plans prepare better project communications plans to build commitment prepare more comprehensive risk management plans improve the chances of meeting project objectives notes this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. active participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to successfully complete the course. prerequisites to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: amber howard location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. elective: defining and managing project requirements level ii elective: pmcp 7206 defining and managing project requirements - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: june 13 & 14, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est next session: february 27 & 28, 2023 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est course description in today?s ever-changing world, complexity is unavoidable. whether you are engaged in formal project work or you are accountable for creating policies, improving operational performance, launching a new product, good or service, or creating solutions that drive organizational change, your success is highly dependent on well-defined and understood business requirements, product requirements, and specifications. investments in requirements processes have proven to be key contributors to success in any endeavour. this online class focuses on the requirements management process. using an exercise taken from a real-life project, participants will learn how to define the problem, assess its business impact, and identify and manage stakeholders? expectations. participants will use elicitation tools and techniques to discover the underlying requirements that contribute to deliverable solutions that produce desired outcomes. through the use of techniques for clarifying expected deliverables and discovering overlooked requirements, participants will be better prepared to work on projects characterized by uncertainty and high levels of change. this instructor-led class will cover requirements verification, traceability and change management techniques for both predictive and agile project environments. participants will discover different ways to present requirements to stakeholders to maximize comprehension and encourage feedback. this is one of three elective courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. learner outcomes participants will gain practical skills to: utilize an enterprise requirements management framework and processes identify impacted stakeholders and discover and define their real problems realize and uncover real requirements using various methods and tools create appropriate questions to ask in surveys, interviews, job shadowing, and jad sessions discover functional requirements that deliver business value document requirements clearly using standard formats, including user stories and use cases analyze, verify, and validate requirements refine, manage, and control changes to requirements use a hierarchical solution selection process to build a foundation for future requirements conduct financial analysis of proposed solution(s) to maximize benefits realization prioritize, select and present the best requirements solutions to problems/opportunities transfer a practical requirements management methodology back to the workplace notes this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. active participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to successfully complete the course. prerequisites to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: amber howard location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. elective: project procurement & contract management level ii elective: pmcp 7207 project procurement & contract management - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: february 24 & 25, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est next session: january 30 & 31, 2023 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est procurement management, and especially contract administration, has become an essential project management skill in today?s trend of outsourcing. we will guide you through procurement practices, the bid process, contract negotiations, managing contractors and vendors for optimum performance and provide a taste of contract law. this online instructor-led course will provide the fundamental tools required for project managers. it will also offer you an insight into the role of the procurement officer or buyer on a project team. this course is important for those working on projects with large numbers of vendors/contractors, where coordinating the selection and management of these vendors is a primary challenge. typically, procurement and contract management are a primary challenge in engineering and construction projects. this is one of three elective courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. topics: the procurement process plan procurements (including contract law, make-or-buy, bids, contract types) conduct procurements (proposal evaluation, negotiation) due diligence control procurements (dispute management, inspections & audits) contract closure active participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to successfully complete the course. learner outcomes: participants will gain practical skills to: use proven techniques, tools and skills for managing contracting and procurement on projects know how to plan and control procurement management scope of work understand and use the procurement management terminology define the work required to manage a specific contract make a plan for administering the contract and managing?the vendor co-ordinate and monitor activities of on-site contractors in a commercial and professional manner value the importance of knowing the contractual?requirements work within the requirements of your company?s contracting procedures. notes: this course is offered in partnership with procept associates ltd. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. active participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to successfully complete the course. prerequisites: to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: amber howard location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. elective: project closeout best practices level ii elective: pmcp 7208 project closeout best practices - 7 hours, 2 half-days schedule: march 7 & 8, 2022 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est next session: december 1 & 2 | 8:30am - 12:00pm est as project managers, we tend to keep our eyes focused on the finish line. for us, it is all about on-time completion. once the deliverables have been handed over to our project sponsor or client, we relax -- the project is over. but is it really? project closeout always presents challenges: from getting final approvals, to performing administrative and contract closure, to capturing lessons learned, and more. at the rapid pace of business today, efficient project closure is a must and may even give you a competitive edge. this online instructor-led workshop introduces project managers to the best practices for getting final signoffs and closing out projects. project managers will come away with a structured closeout framework and some templates that can be used to complete an orderly project closeout. this course is intended for beginner and intermediate project managers across all industries. this is one of three elective courses in level ii of the accelerated project management certificate. course outline topics: introduction and definitions the project charter and plans (start with the end in mind) getting final approvals scope barriers (customer satisfaction, quality issues) lifecycle barriers post-approval closure activities contract closure activities administrative and lessons learned closure activities marketing closure activities active participation (at least 80% attendance) and successful completion of learning activities is required to successfully complete the course. learner outcomes: participants will gain practical skills to: use a structured approach to get final sign-off and closing out a project describe the barriers to project closeout including both scope and lifecycle barriers describe how to overcome closeout activities including financial, administrative, and legal closure (and more!) use lessons learned to drive continuous improvement prerequisites: to ensure successful completion of this course, it is expected that learners will have: completed the project management essentials class basic computer skills english language proficiency some post-secondary education (strongly recommended) if you have significant project management experience or a have completed a course in project management at a recognized institution then a prior learning assessment may be considered for exemption of the project management essentials prerequisite. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more details. instructor: janice petley materials: learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. learners will be sent a zoom link approximately one week prior to the start of the course. location: online, live-virtual instruction. fee: $499 + hst. uwindsor alumni save 10% pre-tax and uwindsor staff save 5% pre-tax enrolment. contact us at continue@uwindsor.ca to receive the discount code. about osap 2021-22 micro-credentials application this program is eligible for the osap 2021-22 micro-credential application (osapmc). participants must be registered into the program prior to applying for osapmc. participants are obligated to pay their fees in full, or decide to withdraw at least one week prior to the course start date should they not receive osapmc. if this is the case, email continue@uwindsor.ca immediately to withdraw and request a refund. register for this program accordingly to allow ample time for your application to be processed. it takes approximately 10-15 business days for the osapmc application to be processed. register now check out our other project management courses: pmp? exam prep course certified agile project manager this program is delivered in partnership with procept associates ltd, a registered education provider licenced by the project management institute. subscribe to the continuing education interest list and we will keep you updated about this and other offerings. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
