https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/strategic-priority/provide-exceptional-undergraduate-experience
provide an exceptional undergraduate experience | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews uwindsor home dailynews provide an exceptional undergraduate experience abdur rahim, a fourth-year student of industrial engineering with a minor in business administration, is currently working a co-op position at general dynamics land systems canada. co-op experience helping create highly employable graduates jan 20th, 2016 students participating in uwindsor?s co-operative education programs combine their academic education with full-time paid work experience, putting them ahead of the pack when they apply for work after graduation. ?we are always impressed with the calibre of students we work with, and the exciting projects and organizations they are exposed to,? says mitch fields, executive director of co-op, career and employment services. tags: abdur rahim mitch fields career and employment services uwindsor president alan wildeman welcomes a new partnership with maple leaf sports and entertainment, which owns the toronto raptors of the national basketball association. strategic partnership may 29th, 2013 the university of windsor is the first education partner of mlse. a session wednesday, april 6, will provide information on courses in creative writing. event to provide info on creative writing program apr 5th, 2022 professor susan holbrook and graduate teaching assistant anna karch will host ?how to prepare and submit an engl-2710 portfolio application? april 6. tags: susan holbrook anna karch william baylis, president of the canada south science city board, is one of the judges in a case competition to suggest new exhibits for the museum. competitors to pitch ideas for science centre exhibits mar 31st, 2022 students will pitch their ideas for an interactive exhibit for canada south science city during the uwill discover conference on friday, april 1. tags: anita hu madeleine chang william baylis fourth-year business student amilio acampora is a recipient of the co-op/internship rising student award for his contributions in his work placement. students and partners honoured for contributions in experiential learning and community service mar 31st, 2022 co-op, internship, and community service learning awards recognize the outstanding contributions of co-op and internship students and their employers. tags: co-op and workplace partnerships career development and experiential learning kristen morris centre for teaching and learning amilio acampora sandra guido gabriela peralta moneeza sami a presentation tuesday, march 29, will provide an overview of mental health supports available to uwindsor students, faculty, and staff. session on mental health supports to close out accessibility series mar 28th, 2022 a presentation tuesday, march 29, will provide an overview of mental health supports available to uwindsor students, faculty, and staff. tags: mohsan beg student counselling centre marcela ciampa human resources cherie gagnon office of human rights, equity and accessibility the student research conference, uwill discover, will be delivered in person and online march 29 to april 1. uwill discover conference to be delivered on campus mar 25th, 2022 register to attend the student research conference, uwill discover, delivered in person and online march 29 to april 1. tags: haiqa arain marta haireek tim brunet the 2020 ron w. ianni memorial scholarship in performance competition brought competitors physically together. that format will resume friday. in-person performances returning to scholarship competition mar 24th, 2022 the ron w. ianni memorial scholarship in performance competition is in person march 25. tags: colin gronert jeff price sam fedele philip adamson meredith garswood jennifer swanson carter gaus mike stone andrew seguin mike mcnamara stefanie adams lillian scheirich madelyn stein shahida nurullah bailey deziel trevor pittman professor arezoo emadi is the recipient of an award for excellence in the development and teaching of laboratory-based courses in undergraduate engineering. professor recognized for hands-on approach to engineering education mar 24th, 2022 arezoo emadi has won a national award for excellence in the development and teaching of laboratory-based courses in undergraduate engineering. tags: arezoo emadi mehrdad saif jill urbanic government funding is turning an idea by drama student nadia gill into reality, launching a campaign to destigmatize adhd. campaign to destigmatize neurodiversity wins provincial support mar 24th, 2022 a student-led information campaign to destigmatize attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder has received a $25,000 grant from the ontario government. tags: nadia gill cherie gagnon office of human rights, equity and accessibility 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? next ? share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
