https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2021-03-22/provincial-funding-boosts-research-tracking-covid-19-through-sewage
provincial funding boosts research tracking covid-19 through sewage | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews mike mckay, executive director of uwindsor?s great lakes institute for environmental research, has received another $540,000 in funding for his research program that uses samples from wastewater treatment plants as an early warning system for covid-19 outbreaks. the funding is part of a $12 million investment by the province to support and expand the network of researchers analyzing wastewater across ontario. provincial funding boosts research tracking covid-19 through sewage mar 23rd, 2021 researchers at the university of windsor using sewage as an early warning system for covid-19 outbreaks are receiving $540,000 in funding as part of a new provincial wastewater surveillance system co-ordinated by the ministry of the environment, conservation, and parks. mike mckay, executive director of uwindsor?s great lakes institute for environmental research, is leading a team that has been collecting and testing weekly samples of wastewater from windsor, leamington, amherstburg, lakeshore, london, sault ste. marie, north bay, and thunder bay. dr. mckay?s project, launched early in the pandemic, was among the first in the province and is now part of a network of ontario labs monitoring sewage for sars-cov-2. the ontario government has announced it is investing more than $12 million to support and expand the network. the province is partnering with 13 academic and research institutions across ontario to enhance the ability of local public health units to identify, monitor, and manage potential covid-19 outbreaks. ?monitoring wastewater for covid-19 gives us a close-to-real-time way to track the spread of the virus ? even before people begin showing symptoms,? said environment minister jeff yurek. ?together with clinical and public health data, wastewater monitoring can help local public health units identify potential covid-19 outbreaks and enable more timely decisions about how and where to mobilize resources in response.? the new provincial funding builds on research already underway, expanding to some first nation communities, long-term care homes, retirement residences, shelters, and correctional facilities. studies have shown that a significant proportion of people with active covid-19 infections shed the virus in their stool before symptoms start. since many people infected with virus are asymptomatic or experience mild symptoms and never seek medical care or are tested, detecting the virus?s genetic material in wastewater is a good indicator of the true infection rate in the community, mckay explained. mckay?s group is collecting samples from sewers on uwindsor?s campus to monitor the health of students living in residence. it is part of a broader campus screening initiative that will include a covid-19 dashboard to inform the campus community of testing results. mckay is co-ordinating the project with mitacs-funded post-doctoral fellow qiudi geng and research associate ryland corchis-scott. engineering professors rajesh seth and nihar biswas are overseeing the sampling of local sewers and biochemist yufeng tong and molecular biologist lisa porter are overseeing campus screening initiatives. the team recently began collaborating with uwindsor biochemist kenneth ng who is studying sars-cov-2 variants. ?the team recognizes the power of tapping into the wastewater stream as a tool for discovery of sars-cov-2 variants,? mckay said. ?in fact, we are already testing for the b.1.1.7 variant of concern in our wastewater samples from windsor-essex and samples are sent weekly to the public health agency of canada?s national microbiology lab for sequencing analysis.? wastewater testing has been used by scientists and public health officials around the globe as a non-invasive way to monitor how diseases are spread within communities. mckay, who normally studies algal blooms, said scientists have pivoted during the pandemic to study the virus and control its spread. ?little did i know a year ago the potential wealth of information contained in our wastewater stream. from tracking pharmaceuticals and illicit drugs to human pathogens, wastewater truly is a community swab, and wastewater-based epidemiology will become an important tool for public health beyond the current pandemic,? mckay said. ?from a personal perspective, the collaborations both within the university and across the country that have evolved over the past year have been a silver lining of the pandemic. due to the urgent need for information to flow to public health, this has been one of the most collaborative environments i have encountered during my career.? called the ontario wastewater surveillance initiative, the provincial network will involve the ontario clean water agency which will provide technical expertise and equipment to ensure increased testing in sampling locations. ?since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic a year ago, our government has been committed to using every resource at our disposal to keep ontarians safe,? said christine elliott, deputy premier and minister of health. ?this initiative enhances ontario's pandemic response by providing valuable data that will help to track and monitor covid-19 and act as another tool to help stop the spread of this deadly virus in our communities.? ?sarah sacheli mike mckay great lakes institute for environmental research qiudi geng ryland corchis-scott rajesh seth nihar biswas yufeng tong lisa porter kenneth ng strategic priority: pursue strengths in research and graduate education academic area: engineering civil and environmental engineering research science biology chemistry & biochemistry environmental studies share tweet save project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
