https://www.uwindsor.ca/psychological-services-and-research-centre/
psychological services and research centre (psrc) skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students psychological services and research centre (psrc) in this section welcome clinic services community members uwindsor students appointments community members uwindsor students location staff continuing education graduate training research faq in the news contact us welcome clinic services community members uwindsor students appointments community members uwindsor students location staff continuing education graduate training research faq in the news contact us uwindsor home psychological services and research centre (psrc) welcome welcome now open! the house on riverside, located at 2629 riverside drive west (corner of patricia and riverside drive), is the psychological services and research centre's new home at the university of windsor. for more than 40 years, the psrc has been a part of the psychological administrative academic unit (aau). it is a core resource for our graduate programme in clinical psychology accredited by the canadian psychological association. the psrc is essentially an analogue of what a teaching hospital is to a medical school. it is an advanced training facility for graduate students in the clinical psychology program at the university of windsor. low-cost psychological services are provided by clinical trainees under the supervision of clinical psychologists from the department of psychology, all of whom are registered with the college of psychologists of ontario. the mission of the psrc is threefold: to provide gold standard clinical training, contingent on training priorities, to provide psychological services to university of windsor students and to larger the windsor community, and to generate applied research opportunities for faculty and students in the department of psychology. hours of operation: monday to friday, 8:30a.m. to 12:00p.m., and 1:00p.m.to 4:30p.m. contact us: the house on riverside psychological services and research centre (psrc) 2629 riverside drive west windsor, on n9b 1b4 office coordinator: paulette lafleur-fleming (luap@uwindsor.ca) telephone: 519-253-3000 ext. 7012 or 519-973-7012 (direct line) fax: 519-561-1408 in case of emergency: the psychological services and research center does not provide emergency services and does not have 24-hour office/phone coverage. anyone in need of emergency services is directed to: call 911 in any emergency situation where police, fire or ambulance assistance is required immediately, otherwise visit the university of windsor emergency services page. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
