http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2018-06-29/publication-ranks-uwindsor-mhk-program-top-canada
publication ranks uwindsor mhk program top in canada | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews sport management grad teal gove (mhk 2018) at the canadian olympic committee where she completed her internship. publication ranks uwindsor mhk program top in canada jul 3rd, 2018 the master of human kinetics, sport management major (mhk sm) has been ranked the best postgraduate sports business program in canada and in the world?s top 25 by sportbusiness international. uwindsor?s offering ranked seventh among all non-u.s. schools and is the only canadian school ranked by the u.k.-based trade publication. sportbusiness international used the class of 2015 as the benchmark to measure the programs. graduate co-ordinator and sport management professor jess dixon credits the hard work and dedication of faculty, staff, and students in helping the program earn the recognition. ?we have an outstanding group of faculty members who are supported by tremendous staff,? says dixon. ?each member of our team aims to ensure the best possible academic experience for our students.? the efforts placed on student experience were not lost on the more than 1,300 survey respondents. uwindsor placed particularly high in student satisfaction, value of program, employment rate, and gender diversity. the mhk in sport management program allows students to complete their degree through internship or thesis pathways. dr. dixon says he often cites this flexibility as one of the hallmarks of the program. ?students have the option to pursue a practitioner-based education or a more traditional graduate pathway through the thesis route,? he says. ?in each pathway, students are exposed to a diverse, research-based education that provides them with multiple lenses through which to examine the sports management landscape.? milana mcnamee, a graduate of the class of 2015, cites the mhk degree as the biggest stepping stone to her current role as athlete services retention co-ordinator in high performance athletics at queen?s university. ?the mhk program allowed me to research topics that sparked my interest, gain real-world experience, and make connections within the community,? mcnamee says. as well, she worked as an intern with the 2014 ontario summer games and held a position as sport operations manager with the fina world swimming championship held in windsor in 2015. dean of human kinetics michael khan says he is pleased with his faculty?s impressive showing: ?i am proud that our programs reflect the values of our faculty, staff and administration.? visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/kinesiology/462/graduate-programs for more information on the award. for details on graduate programs, contact sharon horne at shorne@windsor.ca or visit www.uwindsor.ca/hk. ryan donally jess dixon milana mcnamee teal gove michael khan academic area: graduate studies human kinetics share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
