http://www.uwindsor.ca/publicaffairs/501/publicizing-your-event
publicizing your event | office of public affairs & communications skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of public affairs & communications office of public affairs & communications in this section about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library uwindsor home office of public affairs & communications publicizing your event publicizing your event without guests, even the most well-planned event will fail. how do you make the most of your event promotion, especially on a tight budget? there are many ways to promote your event across campus?some are even free. before your event have a plan that includes a variety of media and channels be realistic about the importance of your event go where your audience is?there is no point advertising on facebook if your audience doesn't use facebook have a hashtag and use it everywhere make your tickets easy to buy and your event info easy to find embrace social media uwindsor events the events listing at www.uwindsor.ca/event is uwindsor's public webpage for sharing campus events. it is accessed from the university's homepage and from links in academic and administrative websites across campus. events on the listing are pulled automatically from department websites across campus. contact your department website administrator to get your event listed. if you are not associated with a department website you can contact it services to have an event listed directly. remember to contact your department first. please use a help ticket for any event listing requests. banners, posters and pictures create web banners, printed posters and social media images that can be used to share your event. post these in your own buildings, homepages and social media accounts?and send them to public affairs and communications to be considered for the variety of media outlets they control. the office of public affairs and communications has free graphic design services that are offered to the campus community. please contact lori lewis, ext. 3241, well ahead of your event date if you wish to request graphic design assistance. the print shop, ext. 3680, is another campus service offering design help as well as printing services. note that the print shop is not a free service. email: printshop@uwindsor.ca website: www.uwindsor.ca/printshop social media plan a series of social media content that will span the weeks leading up to your event, covering your own social media accounts. this content may also qualify for posting on the main uwindsor social media platforms. consider including the following in your social media content plan: save the date countdown milestones (1 month, 10 days, 1 week, 1 day) throwback content (photos, videos and favourite moments from previous similar events) gradually reveal helpful or interesting details such as who will be speaking/performing, what the hashtag will be etc. even groups who do not have a social media presence can still participate in social media. contact the social media co-ordinator to learn how your messages can be shared with our networks of over 145,000 followers. dylan kristy, ext. 4045 social media coordinator public displays across campus, there are digital displays (large-screen tvs) that can show messages (slides or video, no audio) to the general campus community. more information about getting your message on the campus digital displays. please use a help ticket for any public display requests. daily news and university homepage the daily news is the on-campus ...... the university homepage.... the contact for inclusion in both the daily news and the university homepage is: kevin johnson, ext. 3238 web communications team leader share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
