https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/472/designated-entrances
qr code scanning and designated entrances | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols reporting an illness - faculty & staff self-assessment questionnaire qr code scanning and designated entrances resource documents mental health & well-being supports and resources information sessions guidelines for events and approved activities on campus building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols reporting an illness - faculty & staff self-assessment questionnaire qr code scanning and designated entrances resource documents mental health & well-being supports and resources information sessions guidelines for events and approved activities on campus building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols qr code scanning and designated entrances qr code scanning and designated entrances screening how-to: questions, codes & scanning screening plays an important role in stopping the spread of covid-19. it is one of many protocols and initiatives in place to promote campus health and safety. anyone who attends campus must complete the covid-19 daily health screening self-assessment every day before attending campus. the questionnaire is available through the safe lancer app, webform or a printable paper copy. the safe lancer app is the most convenient way to complete the screening. after answering all of the questions and inputting your vaccination attestation confirmation code, you will receive either a green "approved" or red "denied" qr code badge. what do i do if i receive a a red "denied" qr code? a red "denied" badge results from your responses to the covid-19 screening questions and/or an incomplete covid-19 vaccination attestation. to attest your vaccination status, visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine. to upload proof of vaccination you will need your vaccination certificates and your uwinid and password. further instructions can be found on the attestation and providing proof page of the return to campus website. if you are fully vaccinated and have entered your vaccination attestation code and receive a red "denied" badge, it is due to your health screening responses. take the following steps: do not proceed to campus. stay home and self-isolate. complete the ontario covid-19 self-assessment. follow the directions provided. follow these instructions. building access and qr code scanners qr code scanners are located at designated building entrances. follow posted signage or refer to maps found at the bottom of this page. designated entrances are also labelled in the campusgo wayfinding app available for free download. upon entry, scan your qr code badge by displaying your qr code within the scanning window of the device. the camera-equipped scanner makes aligning the qr code easy. need help? review these instructions. please remember, all students, faculty and staff must scan their qr code every time they enter a campus building. this includes going to and returning from other buildings, and when returning from breaks or lunch, etc. once the scanner identifies your badge, you'll be presented with one of the following screens: upon screening your green "approved" qr code badge, you will see this check-in successful screen. this denotes the successful completion of the scanning process. you are now approved to proceed within the campus building. be sure to scan with every building entry. if you see the check-in denied screen, you are not permitted to proceed and should leave campus immediately. read what do i do if i receive a red "denied" qr code? (on this page) that outlines next steps. if you are scanning a green "approved" badge and the check-in denied screen is displayed, check your uwinid email for further instructions. if you see a check-in badge expired screen, your green ?approved? qr code badge is no longer valid and you must complete the self-assessment again. if you see the check-in pending screen, you have likely just completed the safe lancer app self-assessment questionnaire and the system requires time to receive the information. try again in 60 seconds. on-campus student ambassadors may be present to assist and/or request to see your badge. please help avoid bottlenecks by having your badge ready to scan prior to entering campus buildings. qr code scanner not working? if you see a "loading qr scanner" message this can usually be cleared by tapping the refresh icon on the device. if tapping the refresh icon does not help or you are experiencing a different technical error with the qr code scanner, please contact it services by calling: 519-253-3000 ext. 4441. provide the device number (its-#######) on the "qr code scanner not working" poster posted close to the qr code scanner. forgot or lost your vaccination attestation confirmation code? with your uwinid and password, you can retrieve your code through uwin account. for additional help with submitting proof of vaccination, email uwinvaccine@uwindsor.ca designated entrances to access campus buildings, you must use designated entrances. qr scanners are positioned at all designated entrances for scanning of safe lancer app qr codes (badges). student ambassadors may be present to assist and/or request demonstration of your badge. you must scan every time you enter a campus building. this assists with contact tracing. designated entrances are also labelled in the campusgo wayfinding app. campus maps illustrating designated entrances armouries building alumni hall assumption hall biology building c.a.r.e. building centre for creative arts centre for engineering innovation celd building cartier hall chrysler hall north chrysler hall south chrysler hall tower caw student centre dillon hall education building erie hall / lambton tower essex hall essex centre of research faculty of education gymnasium great lakes environment research centre human kinetics / st. denis centre jackman dramatic art centre joyce entrepreneurship centre lambton tower / erie hall laurier hall leddy library maintenance building memorial hall odette school of business psychological services and research centre residence hall west toldo health education centre university computer centre vanier hall welcome centre windsor hall share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
