http://oucqa.ca/resources-publications/quality-assurance-framework/
quality assurance framework ? ontario universities council on quality assurance skip to content the quality council members of the quality council appraisal committee audit committee secretariat review of the quality assurance framework and quality council contact meeting dates and deadlines fees what we do what we do in quality assurance operating principles events news program approvals process of program approvals approved programs audits audit process audit schedule and reports resources & publications quality assurance framework guide to quality assurance framework templates history of quality assurance in ontario annual report qams portal contact site mapsearch oucqa: home ? resources & publications ? quality assurance framework quality assurance framework the quality assurance framework (qaf) was originally approved in 2010 by the executive heads of ontario universities. it is also mandated in section 6.2 of the framework that a review of the qaf and its application by the ontario universities council on quality assurance (the quality council), its committees (appraisal and audit) and the secretariat be undertaken once every eight years. review details can be found here: review of the quality assurance framework and quality council. these pages also include a link to a set of principles that came out of the 2018 review, which explain the underlying reasons for ontario?s quality assurance procedures and protocols. the review implementation committee, the quality council and ocav approved the principles, which can be viewed here: part one: quality assurance principles for ontario universities and the quality council the revisions to the framework?s protocols coming out of the review were completed and approved in february 2021. a pdf version of the revised quality assurance framework can be accessed here: quality assurance framework. print this page quality assurance framework flip through the quality assurance framework using the arrows, or click from links in the table of contents.? table of contents introduction part one: quality assurance principles for ontario universities and the quality council responsibilities of the quality council responsibilities of institutions 1. the elements of quality assurance appendix 1: ontario universities council on quality assurance part two: protocols for ontario universities 1.1 scope of application of the institutional quality assurance processes (iqap) 1.2 ratification of the institutional quality assurance processes 1.3 responsibility for the institutional quality assurance processes and institutional contact 1.4 continuous improvement across the system 2. protocol for new program approvals flow chart 1: overview of the protocol for new program approvals 2.1 initial institutional process 2.2 external evaluation 2.3 internal perspective 2.4 institutional approval 2.5 submission of new program proposal to the quality assurance secretariat 2.6 initial appraisal process 2.7 public announcement of new programs 2.8 subsequent appraisal process 2.9 subsequent institutional process 3. protocol for expedited approvals flow chart 2: overview of the protocol for expedited approvals 4. protocol for major modifications (program renewal and significant change) 5. protocol for cyclical program reviews flow chart 3: overview of the process for cyclical program reviews 5.1 initial institutional process 5.1.3.1 evaluation criteria 5.2 external evaluation 5.3 internal perspective 5.4 reporting requirements 5.5 use of accreditation and other external reviews in the institutional quality assurance process 5.6 selection for cyclical audit 6. audit protocol flow chart 4: overview of the audit protocol 6.1 cyclical audit: overview 6.2 cyclical audit: process 6.3 focused audit definitions appendix 2: ocav?s undergraduate and graduate degree level expectations the quality assurance framework and guide are our leading publications that guide the program approval and audit processes. quality assurance framework view the framework quality assurance guide view the guide ? 2022 ontario universities council on quality assurance | all rights reserved | site map | please review our policies for: accessibility | privacy
