https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/recent-news
recent news | office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion in this section about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news the fundamentals of race and anti-racism course edid e-newsletter story submissions edi calendar contact us about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news the fundamentals of race and anti-racism course edid e-newsletter story submissions edi calendar contact us uwindsor home office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion recent news distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james mar 25, 2022 distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james 10 am est on friday, april 1, 2022 guest submission by professor fatima fakih mar 10, 2022 celebrating 40 years of w5: windsor women working with immigrant women mar 10, 2022 anti-black racism student leadership experience grant mar 10, 2022 mary-ann shadd: a woman of influence mar 10, 2022 black nursing in windsor mar 10, 2022 by afua amankwaah the bystander initiative mar 10, 2022 black studies: next steps post-black history/futures month celebration mar 10, 2022 "muslim women resist:" ayesha mian akram's phd study mar 10, 2022 by shayna brissett-foster and lila iriburiro happy ayesha mian akram is a doctoral candidate at the university of windsor?s department of sociology and criminology. she holds a master?s degree in educational policy studies from the university of alberta, where she conducted a qualitative project to study how racism impacts the identity negotiations of canadian-born muslim women who practice hijab. her research is rooted in the intersections of anti-racism studies, religion, gender, and subjectivity. quiz looking for answers to questions on women?s historic accomplishments mar 8, 2022 the department of women?s and gender studies and the office of the vp equity, diversity, and inclusion are celebrating international women?s day with a quiz on women?s history. up for grabs is a series of five posters by alumnus robert small (ba 1993) and a copy of the inspirational women trivia game, donated by professor emeritus christina simmons. equity, diversity, inclusion and decolonization (edid) week feb 24, 2022 monday march 21, 2022 the un international day of the elimination of racial discrimination 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm est (virtual) register here speaker: dr. charmaine nelson the precariousness of freedom: slave resistance as experience, process, and representation transatlantic slavery ?broke the world in half,? spanning more than four hundred years and causing cataclysmic ruptures of the social, political, cultural, and psychic contexts of vast populations. this race-based slavery solidified ideals of white superiority, legitimized the displacement of approximately 12 million africans, and created the black diaspora.?however, the enslaved did not submit meekly to their racial debasement and institutionalized brutality. for all the dimensions of slave owner control, the enslaved sought actively to maintain their dignity and humanity, and to seize their liberty. therefore, in as much as slavery was marred by white oppression, it was also characterized by ongoing black resistance. enslaved africans often resisted through work slow-downs, feigning illness, damaging, or burning the slave owners? property, and demanding the right to independently access economic markets. working comparatively with examples of enslaver brutality and enslaved resistance from canada, the usa, and tropical regions, this lecture explores the profound obstacles that the enslaved faced in securing their freedom and in resisting the everyday onslaughts of slavery.? tuesday march 22, 2022 accessibility awareness day 11:30 am to 12:00 pm est (virtual) register here speakers: david robbins-singh & dane macri disability and intersectionality this session will explore lived experiences and provide insights into how we can become better allies to make our campus and community more inclusive. this event is in partnership with the university of windsor's office of human rights, equity & accessibility's (ohrea) 9th annual accessibility awareness days - "making uwindsor accessible" wednesday march 23, 2022 10:30 am to 12:00 pm est (virtual) register here speaker: dr. beverly jacobs indigeneity (title tbd) dr. beverly jacobs is the senior advisor to the president on indigenous relations and outreach at the university of windsor and an associate professor in the faculty of law. she held associate dean (academic) and acting dean appointments in the faculty of law. she practices law part-time at her home community of six nations of the grand river territory. her research focuses on indigenous legal orders, indigenous wholistic health, indigenous research methodologies, and decolonization of eurocentric law. beverly has obtained a bachelor of law degree from the university of windsor in 1994, a master of law degree from the university of saskatchewan in 2000 and a phd from the university of calgary in 2018. beverly is also a consultant/researcher/writer/public speaker. her work centres around ending gendered colonial violence against indigenous people and restoring indigenous laws, beliefs, values, and traditions. a prolific scholar, her published work has earned her numerous awards; her research combined with her advocacy has translated into national and international recognition. 1:00 pm to 2:00 pm est (virtual) register here speakers: fardovza kusow & hussein samhat launch of belonging, inclusivity, diversity, and equity (bide) institute the new student-led & student-run edi institute, bide, is excited to announce their launch & speaker series. you will have the opportunity to meet the team and see the work student leaders are doing on campus. 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm est (in-person) register here speakers: john elliot and amina abdulle bide institute: cultural awareness & belonging speaker series thursday march 24, 2022 sexual violence awareness day/ 2slgbtqia++ awareness day 11:00 am to 12:00 pm est (virtual) register here speaker: anne rudzinski disclosure training (title + description tbd) 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm est (virtual) register here speaker: dr. michael godfrey close doesn?t count: the academic climate for lgbtq2s+ students in stem dr. michael godfrey is a sshrc postdoctoral fellow within the faculty of science where he conducts research studies to advance equity, diversity, and inclusion in stem-related fields. to date, his studies have focused on improving the academic climate for students who belong to the lgbtq2s+ community and better understanding the effects of ethnic diversity (or lack thereof) on the persistence of black, indigenous, and people of colour (bipoc) students. prior to joining the university of windsor in june 2020, michael completed his phd at wilfrid laurier university. his dissertation examined how cultural diversity influenced both group (e.g., team unity) and individual (e.g., satisfaction) outcomes in team sport contexts. in this presentation, dr. godfrey will share the findings from his recent study that aimed to better understand how the academic climate in stem disciplines influences the experiences of students who belong to the lgbtq2s+ community. he will begin the presentation by discussing the positive aspects of the climate and highlighting key areas for improvement. subsequently, he will discuss how this climate influences the experiences of lgbtq2s+ students by providing example quotations from student, staff, and faculty participants. finally, dr. godfrey will finish the presentation by providing key recommendations for how to make academic climates?in stem and beyond?more inclusive. friday march 25, 2022 the un international day of the remembrance of the victims of slavery and the transatlantic slave trade 11:00 am to 12:00 pm est (virtual) register here speaker: dr. isaac saey (title tbd) isaac saney is director of the transition year program at dalhousie university, the ground-breaking program established in 1970 to redress the educational barriers and injustices that confront the mi?kmaq nation, other indigenous peoples, and the african nova scotian community. his teaching and scholarship encompass africa, the caribbean, the u.s. civil rights movement cuba, and black nova scotian history. he is the author of the acclaimed book, cuba: a revolution in motion (zed, 2004) and the forthcoming, africa's children return! cuba, africa, and apartheid's end (lexington books, 2022). he is also a recipient of the dalhousie president?s award for the advancement of equity, diversity, and inclusiveness (edi). his roots lie in the black nova scotian community and the caribbean. saturday march 26, 2022 tbd est (virtual) register here speaker: tbd (title tbd) description tbd information: 519-253-3000 ext. 2642 vpedi@uwindsor.ca tags: edi still i rise: coalition for justice, unity, and equity celebrates black history month feb 23, 2022 ?out of the huts of history?s shame, i rise.? grassroots community organization, coalition for justice, unity, and equity (cjue), celebrates black history month with a video submission of its youth members performing maya angelou?s renowned poem, ?still i rise.? university's diversity, indigeneity, and anti-racism professional development funds feb 17, 2022 university's diversity, indigeneity, and anti-racism professional development funds during negotiations for the 2021 collective agreement renewal, the parties discussed their shared commitments to the ongoing work of justice, equity, indigeneity, anti-oppression, and inclusion needed to promote anti-racist and decolonized frameworks in scholarship and teaching to advance the core principles of equity, diversity, and inclusion. campus pride centre feb 9, 2022 the campus pride centre provides a positive and inclusive environment for lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans, queer, questioning, two-spirited, intersex, pansexual and asexual individuals and their allies on the university of windsor campus. the campus pride centre holds a variety of events during the year to celebrate national and international queer identities such as: national coming out day, transgender day of remembrance, and international women?s day. dr. naved bakali, assistant professor of anti-racism education feb 9, 2022 in 2021, dr. naved bakali, the author of islamophobia: understanding anti-muslim racism through the lived experiences of muslim youth, was appointed as the assistant professor in anti-racism education. dr. bakali?s research focuses on the study of anti-muslim racism, also referred to as islamophobia. additionally, his research includes internationalizing and decolonizing higher education, refugee education, islamic pedagogy, as well as educational programming for survivors of trauma. dr. beverly jacobs, special advisor to the president on indigenous relations & outreach feb 9, 2022 dr. beverly jacobs has been appointed as senior advisor to the president on indigenous relations and outreach at the university of windsor, effective january 17th, 2022, for a two- year term. marium tolson-murtty, director of anti-racism organizational change feb 9, 2022 marium tolson-murtty is the newly appointed director of anti-racism organizational change (aroc) in the office of the vice-president, equity, diversity, and inclusion. her promotion from strategic planning officer for the initiatives against anti-black racism to her current position was first announced in november 2021 as the university of windsor?s commitment to addressing all forms of racism and racial discrimination. student speaker series launches feb 9, 2022 communication is an integral part of change. on january 26th, the office of the vice president, equity, diversity and inclusion hosted the first session of its initiatives against anti-black racism student speaker series. the speaker series informs and educates students, staff, and the greater windsor- essex community on a wide variety of concepts related to the black experience. black v. black: why we capitalize black feb 9, 2022 afrofest: past, present & future feb 9, 2022 afrofest is an annual celebration of black history month at the university of windsor that hosts a cornucopia of cultural and educational activities to celebrate the many contributions made by peoples of african descent living in the diaspora. the fundamentals of race and anti-racism course jan 27, 2022 the office of the vice-president, equity, diversity, and inclusion is excited to collaborate with continuing education, supported by the black council of windsor-essex, to deliver this highly important 18-hour course, the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism. university message on holocaust remembrance day jan 27, 2022 in recognition of international holocaust remembrance day, marked annually on january 27 to commemorate the anniversary of the liberation of the nazi concentration and extermination camp of auschwitz-birkenau, members of the university of windsor community are encouraged to reflect on one of the greatest human tragedies in history. 93 potential burial sites at bc residential school jan 27, 2022 a first nation in british columbia has identified 93 sites of potential human burials surrounding a former residential school. honouring dr. king jan 14, 2022 in windsor, in education, and in historic narrative by lila iriburiro happy share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
