https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/358/recommended-practices-promote-mental-health-and-wellbeing
recommended practices to promote mental health and well-being and tips for coping | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus recommended practices to promote mental health and well-being and tips for coping recommended practices to promote mental health and well-being and tips for coping since the start of the covid-19 pandemic and the university?s move to an essential services model, we all have altered the way we live and work to help mitigate the spread of covid-19 and to protect our community?s health and safety. while adapting to new ways of working both on campus and remotely at home, many of us have also experienced increased pressures in our family and personal lives. we appreciate your continued dedication and efforts and sincerely thank you. we recognize that during these times of change, it is not uncommon to feel additional stress, anxiety and pressure. for those working remotely, the boundary between home and work may blur, making it challenging to disconnect and unplug from work. because of the added stressors related to the pandemic, we strongly recommend that whether you are working remotely or on campus, you try to incorporate the 5 mental health promoting practices outlined below to help reduce burnout and enhance work-life balance. set boundaries for when your workday ends as the lines between work and home blur, it becomes easier to extend our workdays into evenings and weekends. set boundaries when planning your workday and scheduling meetings. protect these boundaries unless you are dealing with an urgent matter. book meetings in 50-minute increments or less this practice will allow you to build some breaks into your calendar. taking short breaks to stretch your legs, get some fresh air, etc. can keep you energized and focused during the rest of the day. this practice can also make you feel less stressed on those days filled with back to back meetings. don't send emails in the evenings or weekend unless it's urgent sending e-mails after work hours can generate a sense of pressure to respond even if that is not the sender?s intentions. even though after a busy day of meetings we may be inclined to send e-mails after hours to ?catch-up?, we should limit those to urgent matters only. schedule a weekly meeting-free day or half day scheduling a weekly meeting-free day or half day in your calendar will allow for some focused time to accomplish tasks and move key projects forward. scheduling this day or half day on a friday may help you finish the week feeling less overwhelmed. protect these meeting-free times unless you need to schedule/accommodate an urgent meeting. take vacation time vacation time provides an opportunity to rest and re-charge. while we recognize that during these times travel options and other activities may be limited, we strongly encourage everyone to schedule vacation time as you ordinarily would. vacation time can help relieve stress, reduce the incidence of burnout and boost your mental capacity. it is critical for work-life balance. make sure to disconnect and unplug from work during your vacation time. incorporating these mental health promoting practices at work may be challenging for many of us, but it is important that we all do what we can to achieve a balance between the demands of work, family and personal life. as a reminder, support is available through morneau-shepell (efap provider) to help address any stressors that may be impacting your/your family?s well-being. visit the human resources website for contact details. what might your stress response look like? the body and mind?s natural response to a crisis such as covid-19 is to experience fear and anxiety. it is important and helpful to accept that some anxiety is normal as these emotions can also help to motivate us to take action in order to protect ourselves and others. the feelings you are having may be new to you and can become an overwhelming experience, or perhaps you have felt them before and they have recently returned or increased. identifying your own response can assist in choosing coping techniques and resources to help reduce these feelings and also help to manage your mental health. common things you may be feeling and experiencing during this time are: physical symptoms of stress may include: muscle tension elevated heart rates fatigue digestive issues low energy headaches nausea or dizziness nervousness or shaking emotional or psychological symptoms of stress may include: anxiety or constant worrying easily agitated or frustrated sadness or depression anger or irritability difficulty relaxing racing thoughts hypersensitivity behavioural symptoms of stress may include: inadequate sleep or restlessness distraction or the inability to focus poor judgment neglect of responsibilities or procrastination find self-screening tools for your levels of stress and anxiety on the centre for addiction and mental health (camh) covid-19 website. consider what has helped you to manage life's stressors or feelings of anxiety in the past, as many of those strategies can be relied on now. these coping techniques can include keeping up routines, healthy activities and seeking support by connecting (at a distance). it is easy to forget about, or even stop doing the usual things that can support ourselves when there is a large disruption to life, and at times we may even turn to activities that can make our feelings worse, such as the overuse of alcohol or stopping communication with others entirely. tips for coping and maintaining our well-being around covid-19: take a break and unplug from checking updates set times to check for updates once or twice a day from creditable sources. consistently staying tuned in to updates and reading misinformation can increase our stress and fear. when speaking with others, try to discuss other topics rather than focusing on covid-19 information. perhaps try limiting checking updates on social media as well to allow time to unplug. creditable information sources: the world health organization (who) centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) health canada ontario ministry of health windsor essex country health unit university of windsor covid-19 updates and information practice relaxation techniques to help with stress try anything that you find soothing to do. formal relaxation activities such as meditation and mindfulness exercises help to reduce our feelings of stress and assist in reducing racing thoughts. a simple breathing exercise can go a long way, as deep breaths help to signal the body?s response to relax. therapy assistance online has a library of mindfulness videos and modules to help manage your mood and thoughts. manage uncertainty and sense of control by dealing with problems in a structured way we can reduce our feelings of uncertainly and lack of control. focus on the things you can control such as your space, routine, and your plan of how you can reduce the spread of the virus via your own actions. make a list of what is within your control and try to let go of those things that are not. ensure your living space is setup to feel comfortable and meets the new needs you have with the changes to your lifestyle, this will help to put your mind at ease. maintain purpose in the face of change we all feel better with purpose. focus on the things you?re still working towards such as finishing up the semester or gain a sense of accomplishment by completing a small or large task like clearing out the junk drawer or tackling a larger to-do you?ve been meaning to get to. allow the current changes to be the catalyst to achieving something that feels good to you. eat, sleep, stay active and keep a routine maintaining a routine is vital for feeling well along with eating healthy, getting plenty of sleep, and staying active. attending to each of these basic needs will not only help your mind but will also help to keep your body healthy. maintain a sense of balance by following your old routine or establishing a new one. set alarms or notifications to remind you to do certain things throughout the day. get creative with your cooking by trying new dishes or preparing a favourite meal. try to keep normal sleep patterns and explore different approaches if you are having difficulties sleeping. experiment with ways to fit in daily movement and exercise with what you have available at home. be kind to yourself and others it?s okay not to feel okay. accepting this is a difficult time as well as being kind to ourselves and how we are reacting is important for maintaining positivity. it is easy to feel negative about ourselves, the situation or how others are reacting. everyone?s responses will be different, and the way we respond is how we are individually coping. try not to be judgemental of the way you or others cope. it?s a hard time, but we?re all in this together. establish self-care practices use the time you have to take up practices of self-care, whether you have some already or you have been meaning to implement them. now is a great time to discover what taking care of you truly looks like. focusing on the present moment, journaling, making positive affirmations, learning to love yourself and getting comfortable with who you are - it?s whatever prioritizing yourself means to you. isolation and being innovative isolation can take its toll when we feel trapped or bored. finding ways to become innovative in your efforts to keep busy and allowing the space to feel new or different is important in order to help cope. try rearranging the furniture or adjusting lighting, adding a scent with a candle or diffuser, taking a journey by reading a novel, watching an adventure film or taking a virtual tour of a museum online. perhaps develop a new hobby or get wickedly good at an old one. if you are not sick or in self-quarantine go for a walk in the fresh air (maintaining 2 metres distance from others) or for a long drive. try to get inventive, and perhaps even imagine you took a trip to a lovely cabin. socializing while social distancing social distancing doesn?t mean you can?t be social. it?s important to stay connected as human beings we need social interaction to stay well. right now we are lucky enough to live in a time where technology can bring us together even when we are physically apart. create online get-togethers via group video calls. try the netflix party chrome extension to watch movies in sync with friends while reading or listening to their live commentary. workout with a buddy by texting to check in to keep each other motivated and accountable. play online games with family and friends such as the ones on snapchat and facebook. finding support reaching out to talk to others to share your experiences can help a great deal in times like these as talking through shared experiences can help validate our emotions. remember to pay attention to how you are feeling during and after your conversations to see what effect these discussions have on you. sometimes a different perspective can help. if you are looking for someone to talk to remember you always have resources available such as 24/7 talk or text with myssp in many different languages from wherever you are and the student counselling centre remains open for videoconferencing and telephone appointments. if you?re ever feeling hopeless or overwhelmed you can also call the 24/7 crisis services canada line at 1-833-456-4566. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
