https://play.google.com/store/books/collection/promotion_1001a15_textbooks
rent or buy digital textbooks - books on google play sign in hidden fields search books my books shop audiobooks comics textbooks children's books apps my apps shop games kids editors' choice movies & tv my movies & tv shop tv family studios networks devices shop entertainment account payment methods my subscriptions redeem buy gift card my wishlist my play activity parent guide genres ebooks arts biographies & memoirs business & investing computers & technology cooking, food & wine fantasy fiction & literature health & fitness health, mind & body history home & garden humor mystery & thrillers poetry politics & current events reference religion & spirituality romance science science fiction sports travel young adult audiobooks arts & entertainment biographies & memoirs business & investing fiction & literature health, mind & body history language instruction mystery & thrillers religion & spirituality romance science & technology science fiction & fantasy self-help sports travel young adult comics general anthologies contemporary women crime & mystery fantasy horror literary manga media tie-in science fiction superheroes children's books ages up to 5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 action & adventure animals & nature comics early learning education fiction growing up history & biographies mysteries science fiction & fantasy sports home top charts new arrivals rent or buy digital textbooks get ready for classes with the google play books app, enjoy the freedom of studying anywhere, including the ability to sync your notes to google drive to create a study guide. on the go? with access to read online or offline on android, ios, or web, easily pick up where you left off, track your reading progress and add bookmarks, notes, and highlights on your laptop, phone, or tablet. busy schedule? make the most of your time with rapid skim mode (the video above shows you how!), seamlessly translate words from within your textbook, and quickly connect to dictionary definitions, wikipedia, google, and in-book searches. to find your book, simply search by title, author, or isbn in the search bar above or check out these top rentals below. learn more about our textbooks rentals: http://goo.gl/xv7brr open the google play books app to access your textbooks. read more collapse the google play team google play books & audiobooks google llc all the books you love. on the page or out loud. anywhere you are. writing science in plain english anne e. greene scientific writing is often dry, wordy, and difficult to understand. but, as anne e. greene shows in writing science in plain english,writers from all scientific disciplines can learn to produce clear, concise prose by mastering just a few simple principles. this short, focused guide presents a dozen such principles based on what readers need in order to understand complex information, including concrete subjects, strong verbs, consistent terms, and organized paragraphs. the author, a biologist and an experienced teacher of scientific writing, illustrates each principle with real-life examples of both good and bad writing and shows how to revise bad writing to make it clearer and more concise. she ends each chapter with practice exercises so that readers can come away with new writing skills after just one sitting. writing science in plain english can help writers at all levels of their academic and professional careers?undergraduate students working on research reports, established scientists writing articles and grant proposals, or agency employees working to follow the plain writing act. this essential resource is the perfect companion for all who seek to write science effectively. $3.19$2.87 campbell essential biology with physiology: edition 5 eric j. simon note: you are purchasing a standalone product; masteringbiology does not come packaged with this content. if you would like to purchase both the physical text and masteringbiology search for isbn-10: 032196750x/ isbn-13: 9780321967503. that package includes isbn-10: 0321967674//isbn-13: 9780321967671 and isbn-10: 0134001389/isbn-13: 9780134001388. for non-majors/mixed biology courses. helping students understand why biology matters campbell essential biology makes biology interesting and understandable for non-majors biology students. this best-selling textbook, known for its scientific accuracy, clear explanations, and intuitive illustrations, has been revised to further emphasize the relevance of biology to everyday life, using memorable analogies, real-world examples, conversational language, engaging new why biology matters photo essays, and more. new masteringbiology activities engage students outside of the classroom and help students develop scientific literacy skills. also available with masteringbiology masteringbiology is an online homework, tutorial, and assessment product that improves results by helping students quickly master concepts. students benefit from self-paced tutorials that feature immediate wrong-answer feedback and hints that emulate the office-hour experience to help keep students on track. with a wide range of interactive, engaging, and assignable activities, many of them contributed by essential biology authors, students are encouraged to actively learn and retain tough course concepts. new masteringbiology activities for this edition include ?essential biology? videos that help students efficiently review key topics outside of class, ?evaluating science in the media? activities that help students to build science literacy skills, and ?scientific thinking? coaching activities that guide students in understanding the scientific method. $68.86$61.97 writing essays about literature: a brief guide for university and college students katherine o. acheson this book gives students an answer to the question, ?what does my professor want from this essay?? in lively, direct language, it explains the process of creating ?a clearly-written argument, based on evidence, about the meaning, power, or structure of a literary work.? using a single poem by william carlos williams as the basis for the process of writing a paper about a piece of literature, it walks students through the processes of reading, brainstorming, researching secondary sources, gathering evidence, and composing and editing the paper. writing essays about literature is designed to strengthen argumentation skills and deepen understanding of the relationships between the reader, the author, the text, and critical interpretations. its lessons about clarity, precision, and the importance of providing evidence will have wide relevance for student writers. $17.56$10.31 iliad homer "gripping... lombardo's achievement is all the more striking when you consider the difficulties of his task... (he) manages to be respectful of homer's dire spirit while providing on nearly every page some wonderfully fresh refashioning of his greek. the result is a vivid and disarmingly hardbitten reworking of a great classic." --daniel mendelsohn, the new york times book review $12.06$9.09 grammar by diagram - second edition: understanding english grammar through traditional sentence diagraming, edition 2 cindy l. vitto grammar by diagram, second edition is a book designed for anyone who wishes to improve grammatical understanding and skill. using traditional sentence diagraming as a visual tool, the book explains how to expand simple sentences into compound, complex, and compound-complex sentences, and how to employ verbals (infinitives, gerunds, and participles) and other structures for additional variety. the text addresses the most frequent usage errors by explaining how to distinguish between adjectives and adverbs; how to avoid problems of pronoun case, agreement, and consistency; how to ensure that verbs will agree with their subjects and will be appropriate in terms of tense, aspect, voice, and mood; and how to phrase sentences to avoid errors in parallelism or placement of modifiers. six appendices incorporate further exercises, a summary of key basics from the text, and supplemental material not included in the body of the text but useful for quick reference. this new edition includes additional exercises and has been revised and updated throughout. $49.16$44.24 the morality of war - second edition: edition 2 brian orend the first edition of the morality of war was one of the most widely-read and successful books ever written on the topic. in this second edition, brian orend builds on the substantial strengths of the first, adding important new material on: cyber-warfare; drone attacks; the wrap-up of iraq and afghanistan; conflicts in libya and syria; and protracted struggles (like the arab-israeli conflict). updated and streamlined throughout, the book offers new research tools and case studies, while keeping the winning blend of theory and history featured in the first edition. this book remains an engaging and comprehensive examination of the ethics, and practice, of war and peace in today?s world. $35.96$22.17 fundamentals of nursing - e-book: edition 9 patricia a. potter it?s your complete guide to nursing ? from basic concepts to essential skills! fundamentals of nursing, 9th edition prepares you to succeed as a nurse by providing a solid foundation in critical thinking, evidence-based practice, nursing theory, and safe clinical care in all settings. with illustrated, step-by-step guidelines, this book makes it easy to learn important skills and procedures. care plans are presented within a nursing process framework, and case studies show how to apply concepts to nursing practice. from an expert author team led by patricia potter and anne griffin perry, this bestselling nursing textbook helps you develop the understanding and clinical reasoning you need to provide excellent patient care. 51 skills demonstrations provide illustrated, step-by-step instructions for safe nursing care ? and include rationales for each step. 29 procedural guidelines provide streamlined, step-by-step instructions for performing basic skills. unique! critical thinking models in each clinical chapter show how to apply the nursing process and critical thinking to achieve successful clinical outcomes. evidence-based practice chapter shows how nursing research helps in determining best practices. unique! caring for the cancer survivor chapter prepares nurses to care for cancer patients who may still face physical and emotional issues. case studies include unique clinical application questions and exercises, allowing you to practice using care plans and concept maps. the 5-step nursing process provides a consistent framework for care, and is demonstrated in more than 20 care plans. 15 review questions in every chapter test your retention of key concepts, with answers available in the book and on the evolve companion website. practical study tools on evolve include video clips of skills, skills checklists, printable key points, a fluid & electrolytes tutorial, a concept map creator, an audio glossary, and more. unique! clear, streamlined writing style makes complex material more approachable. more than 20 concept maps show care planning for clients with multiple nursing diagnoses. key points and key terms in each chapter summarize important content for more efficient review and study. unexpected outcomes and related interventions for each skill alert you to potential problems and appropriate nursing actions. delegation coverage clarifies which tasks can and cannot be delegated. a glossary provides quick access to definitions for all key terms. $150.00$120.00 an introduction to ancient greek: a literary approach, (2nd edition): a literary approach c. a. e. luschnig a.e. luschnig's an introduction to ancient greek: a literary approach prepares students to read greek in less than a year by presenting basic traditional grammar without frills and by introducing real greek written by ancient greeks, from the first day of study. this second edition retains all the features of the first but is more streamlined, easier on the eyes, more gender-inclusive, and altogether more 21st century. it is supported by a web site for teachers and learners. $26.78$24.10 classical latin: an introductory course j. c. mckeown extensively field-tested and fine-tuned over many years, and designed specifically for a one-year course, j c mckeown's "classical latin: an introductory course" offers a thorough, fascinating, and playful grounding in latin that combines the traditional grammatical method with the reading approach. in addition to grammar, paradigms, and readings, each chapter includes a variety of extraordinarily well-crafted exercises that reinforce the grammar and morphology while encouraging the joy of linguistic and cultural discovery. $29.38$26.44 classical logic and its rabbit-holes: a first course nelson p. lande "many students ask, 'what is the point of learning formal logic?' this book gives them the answer. using the methods of deductive logic, nelson lande introduces each new element in exquisite detail, as he takes students through example after example, proof after proof, explaining the thinking behind each concept. shaded areas and appendices throughout the book provide explanations and justifications that go beyond the main text, challenging those students who wish to delve deeper, and giving instructors the option of confining their course to the basics, or expanding it, when they wish, to more rigorous levels. lande encourages students to think for themselves, while at the same time providing them with the level of explanation they need to succeed. it is a rigorous approach presented in a style that is informal, engaging, and accessible. students will come away with a solid understanding of formal logic and why it is not only important, but also interesting and sometimes even fun. it is a text that brings the human element back into the teaching of logic." --hans halvorson, princeton university $41.32$31.40 leviathan: with selected variants from the latin edition of 1668 thomas hobbes designed to meet the needs of both student and scholar, this edition of leviathan offers a brilliant introduction by edwin curley, modernized spelling and punctuation of the text, and the inclusion, along with historical and interpretive notes, of the most significant variants between the english version of 1651 and the latin version of 1668. a glossary of seventeenth-century english terms, and indexes of persons, subjects, and scriptural passages help make this the most thoughtfully conceived edition of leviathan available. $12.92$9.94 the odyssey homer enduring literature illuminated by practical scholarship the epic tale of odysseus' extraordinary ten-year voyage home after the trojan war. this enriched classic edition includes: ? a concise introduction that gives readers important background information ? a timeline of significant events that provides the book's historical context ? an outline of key themes and plot points to help readers form their own interpretations ? detailed explanatory notes ? critical analysis and modern perspectives on the work ? discussion questions to promote lively classroom and book group interaction ? a list of recommended related books and films to broaden the reader's experience enriched classics offer readers affordable editions of great works of literature enhanced by helpful notes and insightful commentary. the scholarship provided in enriched classics enables readers to appreciate, understand, and enjoy the world's finest books to their full potential. series edited by cynthia brantley johnson $8.99 odyssey homer lombardo's odyssey offers the distinctive speed, clarity, and boldness that so distinguished his 1997 iliad. new york times book review notable book selection for 2000: "[lombardo] has brought his laconic wit and love of the ribald. . . to his version of the odyssey. his carefully honed syntax gives the narrative energy and a whirlwind pace. the lines, rhythmic and clipped, have the tautness and force of odysseus' bow." --chris hedges, the new york times book review $12.06$9.09 a world of art: edition 8 henry m. sayre note: this is the ebook of the printed book and may not include any media, website access codes, or print supplements that may come packaged with the bound book. for courses in art appreciation foster critical thinking and visual literacy in the art appreciation course. a world of art (subscription), 8/e fosters the critical thinking and visual literacy skills students need to understand art from around the globe. noted author and educator henry sayre teaches students how to ask the right questions about the visual world that surrounds us, and to then respond meaningfully to the complexity of that world. new to the eighth edition, seven thematic chapters help students better identify and understand major themes of art?such as ?the cycle of life? and ?the body, gender, and identity??that transcend different eras and regions. $68.86$61.97 med-surg success: a q&a review applying critical thinking to test taking kathryn cadenhead colgrove assure your mastery of medical-surgical nursing knowledge while honing your critical thinking and test-taking skills. the 3rd edition of this popular resource features over 2,300 questions (including 550 alternate-format questions) that reflect the latest advances in medical-surgical nursing and the latest nclex-rn? test plan. they organize the seemingly huge volume of information you must master into manageable sections divided by body systems and specific diseases $31.28$28.15 the algorithm design manual: edition 2 steven s skiena most professional programmers that i?ve encountered are not well prepared to tacklealgorithmdesignproblems.thisisapity,becausethetechniquesofalgorithm design form one of the core practical technologies of computer science. designing correct, e?cient, and implementable algorithms for real-world problems requires access to two distinct bodies of knowledge: ? techniques ? good algorithm designers understand several fundamental - gorithm design techniques, including data structures, dynamic programming, depth-?rst search, backtracking, and heuristics. perhaps the single most - portantdesigntechniqueismodeling,theartofabstractingamessyreal-world application into a clean problem suitable for algorithmic attack. ? resources ? good algorithm designers stand on the shoulders of giants. ratherthanlaboringfromscratchtoproduceanewalgorithmforeverytask, they can ?gure out what is known about a particular problem. rather than re-implementing popular algorithms from scratch, they seek existing imp- mentations to serve as a starting point. they are familiar with many classic algorithmic problems, which provide su?cient source material to model most any application. this book is intended as a manual on algorithm design, providing access to combinatorial algorithm technology for both students and computer professionals. $31.47$28.32 essentials of audiology: edition 4 stanley a. gelfand praise for the previous edition: ""this unique book encompasses everything from hearing science and psychoacoustics to hearing conservation and basic audiometry...explaining it at beginner's level while providing a more in-depth look for the more experienced."" -- doody's review now in a more user-friendly format, with a four-color design, this new edition includes the latest scientific and clinical knowledge to give audiology students a solid understanding of core audiologic concepts. every essential topic in audiology, from acoustics and anatomy to auditory disorders and hearing loss, is covered in this book. key features of the fourth edition: covers new technology for electrophysiological assessment as well as bone-anchored hearing aids and cochlear implants expanded discussion of management techniques, now in two separate chapters more than 300 exquisite full-color illustrations questions and answers at the end of each chapter for study and review of essential topics extensive bibliography with references to current literature essentials of audiology, fourth edition, is an indispensable reference for undergraduate and first year graduate students in audiology as well as a valuable resource for speech and language pathology students. with thorough coverage of the essentials of clinical practice, this new edition is also a good refresher for audiologists and speech-language pathologists who are starting out in their practice. $112.68$90.14 compilers: principles, techniques, and tools, edition 2 alfred v. aho this is the ebook of the printed book and may not include any media, website access codes, or print supplements that may come packaged with the bound book. compilers: principles, techniques and tools, known to professors, students, and developers worldwide as the "dragon book," is available in a new edition. every chapter has been completely revised to reflect developments in software engineering, programming languages, and computer architecture that have occurred since 1986, when the last edition published. the authors, recognizing that few readers will ever go on to construct a compiler, retain their focus on the broader set of problems faced in software design and software development. $68.86$61.97 educational psychology: edition 13 anita woolfolk this is the ebook of the printed book and may not include any media, website access codes, or print supplements that may come packaged with the bound book. the most current, comprehensive view of educational psychology today the thirteenth edition of educational psychology continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, and assessment. theory and practice are considered together, showing how information and ideas drawn from educational psychology research can be applied to solve the everyday problems of teaching. the text reflects the field as it offers unique and crucial knowledge to any who dare to teach, and to all who love to learn. $68.86$61.97 punished: policing the lives of black and latino boys victor m. rios examines the difficult lives of young latino and african american boys caught in a cycles of delinquency in a legal system that limits their opportunities $17.03$9.92 real world psychology karen huffman real world psychology, a brief version of huffman's psychology in action, reflects huffman's core "student/active classroom" philosophy and is designed specifically for the unique needs of those who demand big things from a small package. this text ties every single concept to a real-world, in-text example by utilizing case studies, photos, graphs, news stories and charts. this brief approach allows readers to grasp the "big picture" in psychology without an abundance of supplementary details. $43.75 the prince: second edition niccol? machiavelli the most famous book on politics ever written, the prince remains as lively and shocking today as when it was written almost five hundred years ago. initially denounced as a collection of sinister maxims and a recommendation of tyranny, it has more recently been defended as the first scientific treatment of politics as it is practiced rather than as it ought to be practiced. harvey c. mansfield's brilliant translation of this classic work, along with the new materials added for this edition, make it the definitive version of the prince, indispensable to scholars, students, and those interested in the dark art of politics. this revised edition of mansfield's acclaimed translation features an updated bibliography, a substantial glossary, an analytic introduction, a chronology of machiavelli's life, and a map of italy in machiavelli's time. "of the other available [translations], that of harvey c. mansfield makes the necessary compromises between exactness and readability, as well as providing an excellent introduction and notes."?clifford orwin, the wall street journal "mansfield's work . . . is worth acquiring as the best combination of accuracy and readability."?choice "there is good reason to assert that machiavelli has met his match in mansfield. . . . [he] is ready to read machiavelli as he demands to be read?plainly and boldly, but also cautiously."?john gueguen, the sixteenth century journal $1.88$1.69 the professional chef, 9th edition the culinary institute of america the professional chef, a title among the best-selling titles in wiley's cooking program, reflects the way that people cook in the kitchen today, with the best of foods and flavors from around the world. the book reviews ingredients, equipment, and skills of the professional chef. it then explores the techniques for the full range of food items: vegetables, potatoes, grains, legumes, pasta, meats, fish and seafood, poultry, eggs, fruits, soups, sauces, quickbreads and cakes, yeast breads, doughs and crusts, cookies, custards, creams and frozen desserts, and chocolates and confections. plating techniques for salads, sandwiches, hors d' oeuvres, appetizers, entrees, and desserts are additionally outlined. in this new edition, information on global cuisines will be integrated throughout the chapters and recipes, to reflect the increasing globalization of cooking. the new edition features a new user-friendly design and structure, guiding readers through the basic principles behind each technique at a glance, and then providing more in-depth information along with step-by-step photography. complete with hundreds of recipes and four-color photographs throughout, this is the essential reference for any aspiring chef, culinary student, or cooking enthusiast. $28.00 intermediate accounting, 10th canadian edition, volume 2: edition 10 donald e. kieso the kieso, weygandt, warfield, young, wiecek, mcconomy: intermediate accounting text has an outstanding reputation as "the" text for the course and is viewed as a reliable resource by accounting students, faculty and professionals. after listening carefully to instructors and students alike, and after having built on what we have learned over nine successful editions and more than 28 years of being the market leader, we are confident that the tenth edition will continue to meet the needs of instructors and students. the integration of the new international accounting standards and their comparison with accounting standards for private enterprises enhances the main goal of the book, ?to help students understand, prepare and use financial information by linking education with the 'real-world? accounting environment". our industry-experienced and leading-edge author expertise in the field of ifrs, combined with an update of the text's technical content ensures that accounting faculty and students can continue to rely on intermediate accounting. the authors continue their emphasis on helping students understand the core concepts that are at the heart of the accounting profession. the chapters are interesting, informative and pedagogically sound. clear explanations of important issues, concepts and business transactions are provided, followed by examples of how these are applied in practice. interesting examples show how the resulting numbers are used, and how "real life" canadian companies actually account for and report their accounting transactions and results. $37.45 art of war niccol? machiavelli niccol? machiavelli's art of war is one of the world's great classics of military and political theory. praised by the finest military minds in history and said to have influenced no lesser lights than frederick the great and napoleon, the art of war is essential reading for anyone who wants to understand the history and theory of war in the west?and for readers of the prince and discourse on livy who seek to explore more fully the connection between war and politics in machiavelli's thought. machiavelli scholar christopher lynch offers a sensitive and entirely new translation of the art of war, faithful to the original but rendered in modern, idiomatic english. lynch's fluid translation helps readers appreciate anew machiavelli's brilliant treatments of the relationships between war and politics, civilians and the military, and technology and tactics. clearly laying out the fundamentals of military organization and strategy, machiavelli marshals a veritable armory of precepts, prescriptions, and examples about such topics as how to motivate your soldiers and demoralize the enemy's, avoid ambushes, and gain the tactical and strategic advantage in countless circumstances. to help readers better appreciate the art of war, lynch provides an insightful introduction that covers its historical and political context, sources, influence, and contemporary relevance. he also includes a substantial interpretive essay discussing the military, political, and philosophical aspects of the work, as well as maps, an index of names, and a glossary. $3.01$2.71 dns and bind: help for system administrators, edition 5 cricket liu dns and bind tells you everything you need to work with one of the internet's fundamental building blocks: the distributed host information database that's responsible for translating names into addresses, routing mail to its proper destination, and even listing phone numbers with the new enum standard. this book brings you up-to-date with the latest changes in this crucial service. the fifth edition covers bind 9.3.2, the most recent release of the bind 9 series, as well as bind 8.4.7. bind 9.3.2 contains further improvements in security and ipv6 support, and important new features such as internationalized domain names, enum (electronic numbering), and spf (the sender policy framework). whether you're an administrator involved with dns on a daily basis or a user who wants to be more informed about the internet and how it works, you'll find that this book is essential reading. topics include: what dns does, how it works, and when you need to use it how to find your own place in the internet's namespace setting up name servers using mx records to route mail configuring hosts to use dns name servers subdividing domains (parenting) securing your name server: restricting who can query your server, preventing unauthorized zone transfers, avoiding bogus servers, etc. the dns security extensions (dnssec) and transaction signatures (tsig) mapping one name to several servers for load sharing dynamic updates, asynchronous notification of change to a zone, and incremental zone transfers troubleshooting: using nslookup and dig, reading debugging output, common problems dns programming using the resolver library and perl's net::dns module $22.50$20.25 great american city: chicago and the enduring neighborhood effect robert j. sampson for over fifty years numerous public intellectuals and social theorists have insisted that community is dead. some would have us believe that we act solely as individuals choosing our own fates regardless of our surroundings, while other theories place us at the mercy of global forces beyond our control. these two perspectives dominate contemporary views of society, but by rejecting the importance of place they are both deeply flawed. based on one of the most ambitious studies in the history of social science, great american city argues that communities still matter because life is decisively shaped by where you live. to demonstrate the powerfully enduring impact of place, robert j. sampson presents here the fruits of over a decade?s research in chicago combined with his own unique personal observations about life in the city, from cabrini green to trump tower and millennium park to the robert taylor homes. he discovers that neighborhoods influence a remarkably wide variety of social phenomena, including crime, health, civic engagement, home foreclosures, teen births, altruism, leadership networks, and immigration. even national crises cannot halt the impact of place, sampson finds, as he analyzes the consequences of the great recession and its aftermath, bringing his magisterial study up to the fall of 2010. following in the influential tradition of the chicago school of urban studies but updated for the twenty-first century, great american city is at once a landmark research project, a commanding argument for a new theory of social life, and the story of an iconic city. $4.70$4.23 human experience: philosophy, neurosis, and the elements of everyday life john russon proposes that philosophy is the proper cure for neurosis. john russon?s human experience draws on central concepts of contemporary european philosophy to develop a novel analysis of the human psyche. beginning with a study of the nature of perception, embodiment, and memory, russon investigates the formation of personality through family and social experience. he focuses on the importance of the feedback we receive from others regarding our fundamental worth as persons, and on the way this interpersonal process embeds meaning into our most basic bodily practices: eating, sleeping, sex, and so on. russon concludes with an original interpretation of neurosis as the habits of bodily practice developed in family interactions that have become the foundation for developed interpersonal life, and proposes a theory of psychological therapy as the development of philosophical insight that responds to these neurotic compulsions. john russon is associate professor of philosophy at the university of guelph. he is the author of the self and its body in hegel?s phenomenology of spirit. he is also the coeditor (with john sallis) of retracing the platonic text and (with michael baur) hegel and the tradition: essays in honour of h. s. harris. $20.01$18.01 the beginnings of western science: the european scientific tradition in philosophical, religious, and institutional context, prehistory to a.d. 1450, second edition david c. lindberg when it was first published in 1992, the beginnings of western science was lauded as the first successful attempt ever to present a unified account of both ancient and medieval science in a single volume. chronicling the development of scientific ideas, practices, and institutions from pre-socratic greek philosophy to late-medieval scholasticism, david c. lindberg surveyed all the most important themes in the history of science, including developments in cosmology, astronomy, mechanics, optics, alchemy, natural history, and medicine. in addition, he offered an illuminating account of the transmission of greek science to medieval islam and subsequently to medieval europe. the beginnings of western science was, and remains, a landmark in the history of science, shaping the way students and scholars understand these critically formative periods of scientific development. it reemerges here in a second edition that includes revisions on nearly every page, as well as several sections that have been completely rewritten. for example, the section on islamic science has been thoroughly retooled to reveal the magnitude and sophistication of medieval muslim scientific achievement. and the book now reflects a sharper awareness of the importance of mesopotamian science for the development of greek astronomy. in all, the second edition of the beginnings of western science captures the current state of our understanding of more than two millennia of science and promises to continue to inspire both students and general readers. $4.70$4.23 forty studies that changed psychology: edition 7 roger r. hock ph.d. this is the ebook of the printed book and may not include any media, website access codes, or print supplements that may come packaged with the bound book. forty studies that help shape psychology roger hock?s forty studies provides a glimpse of the science of psychology, unraveling the complexities of human nature. this book provides a more in-depth look and analyses that cannot be found by reading a textbook or research alone. it has the original studies, research & analysis about the most famous studies in psychological history. learning goals upon completing this book, readers will: gain background knowledge of the complexities in the psychology field. learn about detailed studies in an easy, understandable manner. understand scientific research, through closer examination of major topics. $68.86$61.97 the machinery of life: edition 2 david s. goodsell imagine that we had some way to look directly at the molecules in a living organism. an x-ray microscope would do the trick, or since we?re dreaming, perhaps an asimov-style nanosubmarine (unfortunately, neither is currently feasible). think of the wonders we could witness firsthand: antibodies atta- ing a virus, electrical signals racing down nerve fibers, proteins building new strands of dna. many of the questions puzzling the current cadre of sci- tists would be answered at a glance. but the nanoscale world of molecules is separated from our everyday world of experience by a daunting million-fold difference in size, so the world of molecules is completely invisible. i created the illustrations in this book to help bridge this gulf and allow us to see the molecular structure of cells, if not directly, then in an artistic rendition. i have included two types of illustrations with this goal in mind: watercolor paintings which magnify a small portion of a living cell by one million times, showing the arrangement of molecules inside, and comput- generated pictures, which show the atomic details of individual molecules. in this second edition of the machinery of life, these illustrations are presented in full color, and they incorporate many of the exciting scientific advances of the 15 years since the first edition. $15.98$14.38 the square root of 2: a dialogue concerning a number and a sequence david flannery the square root of 2 is a fascinating number ? if a little less famous than such mathematical stars as pi, the number e, the golden ratio, or the square root of ?1. (each of these has been honored by at least one recent book.) here, in an imaginary dialogue between teacher and student, readers will learn why v2 is an important number in its own right, and how, in puzzling out its special qualities, mathematicians gained insights into the illusive nature of irrational numbers. using no more than basic high school algebra and geometry, david flannery manages to convey not just why v2 is fascinating and significant, but how the whole enterprise of mathematical thinking can be played out in a dialogue that is imaginative, intriguing, and engaging. original and informative, the square root of 2 is a one-of-a-kind introduction to the pleasure and playful beauty of mathematical thinking. $13.57$12.21 ?2022 googlesite terms of serviceprivacydevelopersabout google play|location: canadalanguage: english (united states) by purchasing this item, you are transacting with google payments and agreeing to the google payments terms of service and privacy notice.
