https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/475/reporting-illness
reporting an illness | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for students return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for students reporting an illness reporting an illness given the potential for ongoing health-related concerns, the university has made the decision to extend the use of the student self-report of illness interface for the winter 2022 semester. all students* are asked to use uwinsite student to report an illness that will prevent them from attending in-person instruction, completing an assessment on time or taking an exam for a specific course. for detailed instructions, see the following knowledge base article at ask.uwindsor.ca. visit the guidance for covid-19 positive, presumed positive or close contacts page for more information. illness should be reported to covid19reporting@uwindsor.ca. if you receive a red badge after completing the daily screening through the self-assessment questionnaire (safe lancer app), email covid19reporting@uwindsor.ca. as always, students are entitled to request accommodations based on medical or compassionate grounds, such as bereavement or serious mental or physical health circumstances, or unanticipated extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the student (e.g., jury duty, caring for an ill family member, labour disputes, etc.) (bylaw 54, 2.18 and bylaw 55, 1.11). determinations about whether and how to accommodate students who submit requests for consideration based on compassionate grounds will as usual be made by instructors and/or the associate dean, in keeping with any standard procedures within specific faculties and the senate bylaws. *students in the jd and dual jd programs as well as clinical nursing courses, field placement social work courses, and faculty of education students during their practicum placements, are asked to follow their faculty's and/or departmental/school procedures. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
