https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/468/requests-exemptions
requests for exemptions  | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus vaccination policy return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus vaccination policy requests for exemptions requests for exemptions exemptions to the vaccine policy can be requested for medical reasons or under the ground of creed (or religion) protected under the ontario human rights code. the exemption requests deadline for the winter 2022 semester has expired. those whose applications for exemption have been approved in accordance with the vaccine policy will be provided with an accommodation to participate in the university?s rapid antigen testing program to access campus. there is no exemption from the testing protocols under this policy. students student exemption form ? medical student exemption form ? creed (or religion) student exemption requests can be submitted by filling out the appropriate form and sending it to vaxinfo@uwindsor.ca. students will be contacted for next steps once their forms are received. staff & faculty employee exemption form - medical employee exemption form ? creed (or religion) staff and faculty exemption requests can be submitted by filling out the appropriate form and sending it to hrvaccine@uwindsor.ca. staff and faculty will be contacted for next steps once their forms are received. while you await the status of your application for exemption under the vaccination policy, you will still be required to participate in the university?s rapid antigen testing program to access campus. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
