http://scholar.uwindsor.ca/research-result-summaries/
research result summaries university of windsor | university of windsor
 home search browse collections my account about digital commons network? skip to main content university of windsor my account faq about home scholarship at uwindsor home > research result summaries this site provides research participants access to summaries of the research studies they participated in at the university of windsor. this is consistent with the tcps 2 chapter 4 section on equitable distribution of research benefits. participants research participants can locate summaries by searching by the name of the principle investigator(s), by keywords or browsing through the list of research summaries provided below. researchers researchers can submit their research summary by clicking the button below or under author corner. university of windsor researchers can sign in with their uwin id and password. non uwindsor researchers must create an account to submit. submit summary rights and permissions research summaries are made available under a creative commons, attribution, non-commerical, no-derivatives licenese. research summaries are not considered a formal publication of results, but rather a summary of research for research participants consistent with the tcps 2 chapter 4 section on equitable distribution of research benefits any questions regarding the summaries provided here can be directed to the research ethics board at the university of windsor (ethics@uwindsor.ca). technical issues can be reported to scholarship@uwindsor.ca. guides how to find a research summary --- how to submit a research summary --- how to revise a research summary follow index submissions from 2021 2021 pdf research study - representation of women in film and media: the impact on viewers through their self-identity, self-worth, and gender role expectations, gemma e. cunial pdf development, diplomacy, and expertise: placing state bureaucratic labour in the cida-dfait merger (june 2021 final research report), jamey essex pdf pathological personality traits and social behaviour: informant and within-person variability perspectives, paige lamborn pdf the perceived influence of non-cognitive skills on the student post-secondary journey, nicole e. lee pdf linguistic and cultural diversity: examining support for english language learners in canada through multiliteracies and sociocultural theories for teaching and learning, rasha qaisi pdf indigenizing the curriculum: from challenges to opportunities, jessica raffoul, jaimie kechego, and erika kustra pdf counting our way up: centres for teaching and learning in the audit culture, jessica raffoul, allyson skene, and laura chittle submissions from 2020 2020 pdf an investigation of the experiences of syrian refugee students in canadian elementary schools: a mixed-methods study, mohamad ayoub pdf balance of choices involving chance: psychometric evaluation, joan craig pdf adhd symptoms, facebook use, and social distress: a hybrid model, shanna deasley pdf experiences of the body in female undergraduates, nicole dignard pdf mapping patterns of restricted and repetitive behaviours and media use in youth diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and typically developing youth, eric d. gilliland pdf a study of women?s experience with sexual coercion and the #metoo movement, brandin r. glos pdf perceptions and performance of working memory: insights into test anxiety, rebecca l. grossman pdf investigating the relationships among athlete leader behaviors, athlete leader fairness, cohesion, and athlete satisfaction, katherine e. hirsch and todd m. loughead pdf the healthy athlete body image project, katherine e. hirsch, irene i. muir, krista j. chandler, and todd m. loughead pdf well-being and mental health of arab-canadian immigrants, ruby jamil pdf remembering recorded events, kassandra helena korcsog pdf an examination of the relationships between personality dimensions and athlete leadership behaviours, todd loughead and mitch mccaughan pdf attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and play-based full-day kindergarten: educator perceptions, erica miklas pdf working through negative emotions: lingering anger or sadness, stephanie nardone pdf exploring caregiver perspectives of social and motor skills in children with autism spectrum disorder and the impact on participation., p. camila rios and sara scharoun benson pdf an ethnography of early canadian varsity esports, ben scholl pdf resolution of lingering anger following interpersonal grievances: examining mechanisms of change in rumination, reappraisal, and identification of unmet needs, michael arend strating pdf examination of the tops-2 questionnaire in able-bodied athletes and athletes with a disability, matthew g. varga and krista j. chandler submissions from 2019 2019 pdf rates and patterns of playing-related musculoskeletal disorders in drummers, nadia azar pdf exploring the impact: attitudes toward disability among employers and co-workers of people with an intellectual disability, kelly carr, laura chittle, nancy wallace-gero, sean horton, patricia weir, and chad a. sutherland pdf selfie feedback on instagram: the impact on self-esteem and appearance satisfaction, felicia m. chang and josee l. jarry pdf examining the influence of relative age on leadership and sport experiences within female hockey: phase 1, laura chittle, sean horton, and jess c. dixon pdf balance of choices involving chance: scale development, joan craig pdf exploring the connections between streaming and student?s self-theories in an ontario elementary and secondary setting, gregory john driedger pdf an examination of athlete leaders' emotional competence, ashley m. duguay and todd loughead pdf facilitating the development of shared athlete leadership: insights from intercollegiate coaches, ashley m. duguay, todd m. loughead, matt d. hoffmann, and jeffrey g. caron pdf analysis of drivers? car-following behavior using a driving simulator, umair durrani pdf facility naming-rights in professional sport: the case of scotiabank arena, terence eddy pdf development, diplomacy, and expertise: placing state bureaucratic labour in the cida-dfait merger (june 2019 research progress report), jamey essex pdf women's experiences of non-consensual use of their sexual images, michelle krieger pdf personality and driving behaviour (extended sample), kathryn lafreniere, chris lee, and joan craig pdf paid duty and private sponsorship of police project, randy k. lippert and kevin walby pdf quantifying helmet fit: a comparison of helmet fit in collegiate football players and anthropomorphic test dummies, erik lovis mhk pdf gender, genre, and power in the theatre blogosphere, michelle macarthur pdf sci of relief survey results (spring 2019), dana menard, dora cavallo-medved, and chris houser pdf the expansion of the rapid office strain assessment: (rosa) - an office ergonomics tool, ranny michael, david m. andrews, and michael sonne pdf comparative analysis of a bout of isometric hand grip exercise using a traditional (computerized) or mechanical handgrip, kevin j. milne, david m. andrews, cheri l. mcgowan, and nicholas caruana pdf developing a multiliteracies pedagogy in mature female english language learners in iran, yalda mohiti asli pdf identification of misconceptions and troublesome concepts in microbiology, with development and testing of targeted pedagogical activities, tanya c. noel and milana milivojevi? pdf detecting cannabis use with a portable exhaled breath device, phillip olla pdf working towards change: the impact of mentor development on associate teachers and faculty advisors, alyssa palazzolo, sara shahbazi, and geri salinitri pdf enhancing student partnerships within a centre for teaching and learning, jade roy, laura chittle, elizabeth ismaile, and erika kustra pdf pre-service teachers? perceptions of technology integration in the k-12 classroom, brandon m. sabourin pdf women?s [stressful] experiences in intimate relationships with men, tanja samardzic and charlene y. senn phd pdf using surveys to understand the dynamics of mother/daughter dyads on social networking sites, sara santarossa and sarah woodruff pdf focus group evaluation, health care provider assessment, and randomized controlled trial of a patient decision aid for hidradenitis suppurativa, jerry tan, olivia mcbride, and donna mclean pdf "relations among adolescent dating aggression and psychological, somatic, and adaptive functioning, patti a. timmons fritz and ala el baba pdf digital journalism student experience survey, patti a. timmons fritz and grace howes pdf optimizing strengths and resources in a memorial cup team: a strengths and hope perspective, dan upham pdf a mixed-methods approach to investigate how university students use technology to consume sport, dan upham, james gillis, louis polyzois, erin jackson, and craig greenham pdf an examination of the coercion in intimate partner relationships scale: validation of the original measure and conceptualization of a short form, kathleen wilson pdf empowering students to become curious, critical learners: evaluating ?information searching and analysis?, james h. wittebols dr. pdf reciprocal learning in teacher education and school education between canada and china ? chinese and canadian teacher candidates in face-to-face dialogues: situating teaching in cultural practices, shijing xu dr. and susan m. holloway dr. submissions from 2018 2018 pdf acute and long-term effects of aerobic exercise on repetitive behaviours and task performance for adults with autism spectrum disorder and an intellectual disability, suzanne ali and chad sutherland pdf language concerns and access to justice at the landlord and tenant board, wissam aoun, sindhu de livera, and aituaje aizenobie pdf mindfulness as a protective factor against body dissatisfaction: mechanism of action, jessica barrington pdf the reliability of preferred automotive seating adjustments, russel gerald boglitch pdf exploring the impact of income security: strength-based employment for people with intellectual disabilities, kelly carr, laura chittle, nancy wallace-gero, sean horton, patricia weir, and chad a. sutherland pdf evaluating dependent measures of motor skill and health among adults with autism spectrum disorder and an intellectual disability, kelly carr, chad a. sutherland, nadia r. azar, and sean horton pdf the relationship between adolescent athletes imagery use and mental toughness, krista chandler, tyler geikie, and todd loughead pdf posting selfies on social media: the role of appearance-contingent self-worth, felicia m. chang pdf exploring professional development among faculty members across varying career stages, laura chittle, irene muir, and sara santarossa pdf social experiences of women with and without turner syndrome, stephanie j. cragg pdf the transition from paediatric to adult healthcare services, stephanie j. cragg and jennifer burton liang pdf perception of risk in various situations, joan craig pdf perception of risk in various situations - interviews, joan craig pdf screening and identification of developmental coordination disorder in children with and without adhd, shanna deasley, natalie gayle frost, lynette renee kivisto, and thomas anthony duda pdf participant motivations and attitudes toward leisure and recreation opportunities in essex county, terence eddy, guilia barile, johnathan bruyea, erin dufour, emma duinker, bryan dutot, zachary evans, evan gilbert, chelsey leahy, kimberly lemon, jesse schrade, and maggie veitch pdf development, diplomacy, and expertise: placing state bureaucratic labour in the cida-dfait merger (june 2018 research progress report), jamey essex pdf camp nursing as clinical placements for undergraduate nursing students, shelley evans, debbie kane, dale rajacich, and kathryn lafreniere pdf psychological skills used by sport psychology consultants to improve their consulting, shawn filion pdf peer athlete mentoring from the mentor's perspective: a case study of a former highly-regarded peer athlete mentor, matt hoffmann dr and todd loughead dr pdf mapping multiliteracies in canadian adult education, susan holloway pdf tools for thought: situating language within a multiliteracies theoretical framework, susan holloway pdf parental involvement of chinese international students in regards to their children?s school selection and communication with teachers, wai ying ho pdf achieving cultural competency in the legal community through a better understanding of diversity, laverne a. jacobs and margaret liddle-kwan pdf the role of pornography consumption in intimate partner aggression/violence in emerging adult couples: a prospective longitudinal study, katherine jongsma and patti fritz dr. pdf the role of impulsivity on emotion regulation and visual attention: an eye-tracking study, abirami r. kandasamy pdf cognitive rehearsal training for undergraduate nursing students against bullying, debbie kane, deborah dayus, and dale rajacich pdf return to work experience of cancer patients, debbie kane and dale rajacich pdf stress, coping, and religiosity among recent syrian refugees in canada, sara keshavarzi pdf the relationships between fat stereotypes, body surveillance, physical appearance comparisons, and body dissatisfaction in normal weight women: a mediated moderation model, study 1, jean kim pdf the relationships between fat stereotypes, body surveillance, physical appearance comparisons, and body dissatisfaction in normal weight women: a mediated moderation model, study 2, jean kim pdf outcomes of women?s experiences with non-consensual use of their sexual images, michelle krieger pdf responses to receiving sexual images forwarded without consent, michelle krieger pdf personality and driving behaviour, kathryn lafreniere, chris lee, and joan craig pdf sport activism: perspectives of canadian female olympians who attended the 1968 olympics, chelsey h. leahy and victoria paraschak phd pdf assessing athlete leadership and its relationship to selected group dynamic variables utilizing a social network approach, todd loughead and marie desrosiers pdf the effectiveness of a mindfulness meditation training on perceptions of team cohesion, mindfulness, and emotional competence, todd loughead and piotr piasecki pdf development of a web-based gis learning module for community-asset mapping to improve service learning in social work, xue luo msc and wansoo park phd, msw pdf contributions of emotional competence to the link between childhood maltreatment and adult attachment, ashley mlotek pdf cultural mistrust and responses of black canadians to subtle and overt racial discrimination in experimental vignettes, miea moon, cheryl d. thomas, and ben c.h. kuo pdf establishing institutional frameworks for effective course-redesign in large-enrolment first-year courses, ashlyne i. o'neil and beverley hamilton 1 2 search enter search terms: select context to search: in this series in this repository across all repositories advanced search notify me via email or rss browse collections disciplines disciplines authors electronic theses and dissertations author corner author faq how to submit about open access submit summary links research ethics board digital commons home | about | faq | my account | accessibility statement privacy copyright
