https://www.uwindsor.ca/animal-care-committee/Research
research involving animals | animal care committee skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students animal care committee animal care committee in this section welcome contact committee members review process policies and guidelines health and safety in animal based research forms research training educational material welcome contact committee members review process policies and guidelines health and safety in animal based research forms research training educational material uwindsor home animal care committee research involving animals research involving animals the university of windsor?s animal care committee (acc) oversees all matters pertaining to research, funded or not, that involves animals. the university of windsor?s animal care committee has been set up according to the terms of reference for animal care committees established by the canadian council on animal care (ccac). the acc is subject to regular peer review by the ccac, which involves assessments of the effectiveness of the acc and the appropriateness of its animal care facilities, practices, and procedures. these assessments are based on ccac guidelines and policies, which are available on the ccac website. all research and teaching that involves the use of vertebrate animals and cephalopods (octopus, squid) must have an animal utilization project proposal (aupp) reviewed and approved by the acc prior to the initiation of such research or instruction. no animals can be ordered or supplies purchased for work with animals prior to approval by the acc. it is important to note that the university of windsor complies with tri-council memorandum of understanding (mou) on the roles and responsibilities in the management of federal grants and awards as it relates to research involving vertebrate animals. therefore, all investigators are strongly recommended to apply for acc approval either prior to or immediately after receiving funding to ensure that all funds are released in a timely manner and to clearly communicate all sources of funding related to an aupp to the animal care coordinator. the necessary forms for conducting research involving animals can be found on our forms web page. to contact the acc, refer to our contact web page. contact the animal care committee if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. animal care committee chrysler hall north room 2138 519-253-3000 ext. 3741 acc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save links and education resources canadian council on animal care uwindsor health and safety uwindsor whmis training chemical control centre nserc ontario animals for research act share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
