https://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/1124/residence-halls
residence halls | residence skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students residence residence in this section about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls room assignments book a campus tour facilities services new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls room assignments book a campus tour facilities services new to canada residence fees life in residence black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates uwindsor home residence residence halls residence halls the university of windsor is a medium size campus and is located on windsor?s west side and downtown. it offers you the chance to explore one of canada?s most ethnically diverse cities and with a variety of restaurants, friendly shops and ample cultural offerings, there are many experiences outside of the classroom. there are 3 residence buildings each with its own unique characteristics. our communities range from 150 to 350 students and are conveniently located throughout the campus. you will enjoy short walks to class, to food outlets, to recreational facilities, to the library, to the bookstore, to the student centre and to banks. alumni hall - semi-suite or suite style (cartier and alumni halls) offers double and single rooms with shared kitchen facilities and washrooms on the floor or within the suite. cartier hall - semi-suite or suite style (cartier and alumni halls) offers double and single rooms with shared kitchen facilities and washrooms on the floor or within the suite. laurier hall - traditional style, laurier hall, with students living in single rooms with shared common washrooms and lounge spaces on each floor. this layout offers the best chance to get connected to campus life as students develop strong connections with others in their community. new for 2022-2023: laurier hall offers all gender floors with all gender washrooms residence west hall (will not be available for fall/winter 2022-2023) residence west hall - traditional style, residence hall west, with first-year students living in double and single rooms with shared common washrooms, lounge spaces on each floor. this layout offers the best chance to get connected to campus life as students develop strong connections with others in their community. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
