http://www.uwindsor.ca/residence-halls
residence halls | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor residence halls residence halls the university operates six residences on campus. all of our residences are co-ed, with some single gender floors. see the amenities page for more details on what is provided in each room. click the name of each residence hall for floor plans and a virtual tour. cartier hall is an open concept, four-storey building with double rooms. the bathroom facilities are shared between two rooms whose occupants are of the same gender. each floor has a study room and microwave room. the main lounge features a large screen tv, video games and a kitchen. the space under the beds in cartier is approximately 14 inches or 35.5 cm in height. laurier hall and macdonald hall are 10-storey towers located in the centre of campus. laurier hall offers single-gender floors with shared washroom facilities. most of the rooms are doubles. each floor has a microwave room, four study rooms and two gender-specific washrooms in addition to a common lounge equipped with cable tv. the large main lounge on the first floor features games, a large screen tv and a kitchen. the space under the beds in mac and laurier is approximately 14 inches or 35.5 cm in height. (there are some beds in laurier and mac that are only 7 inches or 17.5 cm in height.) cartier hall, laurier hall and macdonald hall are located at the heart of campus and are collectively known as the quad residences. alumni hall & conference centre is a five-storey, suite-style residence featuring two single rooms sharing a 3-piece washroom and common area. there is one common lounge in each wing featuring a microwave and cable tv. the main floor features a large laundry room, a kitchen (which can be signed out for student use), leon z. mcpherson alumni reception centre and a coffee shop. the space under the beds in alumni is approximately 10.5 inches or 26.5 cm in height. clark residences offer independent living while providing convenient access to the university campus and on-campus services. they consist of 30 fully furnished townhouses with five students per unit. single, premium single or doubles bedrooms are offered. each unit has full kitchen facilities, a living room with a cable tv outlet, plenty of storage space and two full bathrooms. there are study rooms, common tv lounges and extra storage space available. the space under the beds in clark is approximately 14 inches or 35.5 cm in height. share tweet save today's events using social media to leverage your career 10:00am to 11:15am upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 advanced interview skills wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:30 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
