https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/402/resources-researchers
resources for researchers | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus resources for researchers resources for researchers office of research and innovation: supporting your research during the covid-19 outbreak the university of windsor?s office of research and innovation services continues to support faculties and researchers over the duration of the covid-19 outbreak. the oris team is available online, by email, and through teams to answer your questions, review applications, help you navigate the pre- and post-award systems, and to meet important funding deadlines. for any new grants being submitted, we continue to require a completed oris form, which is now set up for digital signatures from all approvers. research finance will also be continuing to provide support on-line in order to ensure the research activities that you are able to undertake are properly accounted for financially and that all required financial reporting to agencies is completed on a timely basis. the office of the vice president, research and innovation (vpri) has provided a directory of information online. faculties and researchers should review this information on a regular basis as information is updated frequently due to the ever changing covid-19 situation. we are continuing to monitor communications from the funding agencies, especially the tri-council, whose response to the covid-19 outbreak can be found online. as further information is received, we will be communicating it to the research community and information will also be updated on the vpri covid-19 information website. as usual, your first point of contact on any new project should be the research coordinator for your area, who will be working remotely and will be available by e-mail. please note voicemails may not be immediately returned. below are resources to assist you with your lab and research-related activities. covid-19 research and innovation guidance funding agency information and updates funding opportunities for covid-19 research fighting covid-19 in our community and region message to community and industry partners research and non-research related travel costs (pdf) share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
