https://conta.cc/3G3TDUg
return to campus reminders and protocols update - faculty & staff return to campus life and community e-newsletter - january 26, 2022 january 26, 2022 return to campus reminders and protocols update: faculty & staff illness & absence reporting: ?working on-campus or remotely reporting an illness and related absence is critical to ensuring campus operations run smoothly while presented with the serious challenge of the covid-19 omicron variant. employees are reminded that supervisors must be notified of illness and absence even if working remotely. this includes isolation directives based on being a close contact of another individual. the flowchart presented in the guidance for covid-19 positive, presumed positive and close contacts document outlines important steps when reporting an illness. review this flowchart prior to completing the daily screening through the self-assessment questionnaire (safe lancer app). employees must also email covid19reporting@uwindsor.ca for further instructions regarding potential isolation requirements and the date they will be permitted to return to campus. the following guides outline illness reporting protocols and responsibilities: employee guide to reporting illness, infection and testing and employee privacy supervisor guide to reporting employee illness, infection and testing and employee privacy welcome back: remember these 3 p's! we look forward to welcoming you back to campus. protocols as part of the robust health & safety procedures on-campus, start your day by completing the daily screening through the self-assessment questionnaire prior to arriving on campus. remember to bring your mask and review the updated mask policy. preparedness scanning your "approved" green badge at qr code scanners may take some time. faculty and students are asked to arrive early to avoid bottlenecks. use the campusgo app or these campus maps to locate the designated building entrances. additional rtc safety ambassadors will be on site next week to help support our return and traffic flow. patience next week's return to campus is likely an all new experience for our students and many of our faculty and staff. let's make kindness a priority while we all work together to support a safe return. resources to support you accessing health & safety resources on the return to campus website is now easier than ever with a large button link directly on the homepage. faculty and staff are reminded that resource documents are being continuously updated in response to the shifting landscape of the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on our work and learning environments. uwindsor.ca/returntocampus resource links are presented with a date stamp to assist with identifying new or updated documents. this week, important updates were made to the covid-19 safety plan and accompanying checklist (appendix a). remember to visit the return to campus website often to stay on top of the latest news as well as academic and available campus services information. have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
