https://conta.cc/38hU42j
return to campus update: a message from president gordon and provost weir return to campus life and community e-newsletter - march 31, 2022 march 31, 2022 return to campus update: a message from president gordon and provost weir dear uwindsor students, faculty and staff, we are pleased to share with you today important information about our covid-19 policies moving forward into the intersession, summer and fall semesters (after april 30, 2022). we appreciate the patience demonstrated by our entire university of windsor community as our return to campus action group, office of health & safety and executive leadership teams conferred with our stakeholder groups, sector partners and local public health officials. much like the marked traffic flow signs in our buildings were not always the quickest route to our destination, we?ve prioritized caution over expediency. the university of windsor was one of the first ontario post-secondary institutions to announce that vaccination and mask policies would remain in effect until the end of the winter 2022 semester (april 30), to align with the policies set at the start of the semester. this acknowledged the difficult choices and sacrifices made by our students, faculty and staff during these unprecedented times and served to minimize change and disruption throughout the semester. intersession and summer course delivery modes for classes and labs have been established and are noted on uwinsite student and the office of the registrar?s website. the stated course delivery mode will remain in effect for the duration of the specific semester. review of our health and safety policies going forward acknowledges that our institution is part of the broader community. in the province and city in which we are situated, vaccination is no longer required to access public spaces. as of monday, march 21, masks are no longer mandated except for in certain congregate settings. emergency orders in ontario are also set to expire april 27, 2022. at that time, masks will no longer be required in any public space. accordingly, the university of windsor is announcing that the following measures will be suspended on may 1, 2022: covid-19 vaccination policy mandatory mask policy daily screening through the self-assessment questionnaire (safe lancer app). remember: if you feel sick, stay home. capacity limits in campus buildings, such as in classrooms and labs (limits will return to being based on fire code) there may be instances where activities that involve third parties (e.g., student clinical, internship and co-op placements) may have different requirements for both masking and vaccination that will still have to be followed. students, staff, and faculty members should contact their respective faculty or supervisor for details. these measures are being suspended rather than cancelled, thereby allowing the university of windsor to reinstate these policies if public health conditions warrant it, or through guidance from federal, provincial and local public health authorities. the university of windsor continues to strongly recommended vaccination. currently, more than 89% of people in ontario aged 5+ have received a covid-19 vaccine. the omicron wave demonstrated overwhelmingly that vaccination protects against negative outcomes from covid-19. a full vaccination series remains our best defense against severe illness from covid-19 infection. in addition, should public health measures require the reinstatement of proof of vaccination, students, faculty and staff who are not fully vaccinated in accordance with the definition that is applicable at that time risk their access to campus being interrupted. this may impact eligibility to remain in classes, employment status, eligibility to remain in residence, and access to on-campus resources and facilities. the university of windsor strongly recommends maintaining up-to-date vaccination status to reduce the risk of interruption to your studies or work. on-campus pop-up vaccination clinics will take place throughout the spring and summer, the first of which will take place on friday, april 29. further details will be provided in upcoming rtc newsletters. the university of windsor continues to strongly recommend masking where physical distancing cannot be continuously maintained. masks will remain available to students, staff and faculty at no cost. as masking will now be an individual choice, we ask that you respect whatever choice our fellow university of windsor community members choose to make. we appreciate that these updates will be met with varying levels of comfort. we encourage patience and kindness to our entire community. across the world, our country and province, armed with vaccination and knowledge about how covid-19 is transmitted, we are seeing a shift in responsibility to individuals who must assess their individual risk level and means of protection. as the in-person presence of students, faculty and staff has grown throughout the winter 2022 semester, campus has a renewed sense of vibrancy. we are hopeful that as our gradual return moves to a full, 100% presence of all staff by may 1 (as announced march 3), a sense of togetherness and camaraderie will be palpable. sincerely, rob gordon, phd president and vice chancellor patti weir, phd interim provost and vice-president, academic have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
