https://conta.cc/3HACKRX
return to campus update: capacity limits return to campus life and community e-newsletter - march 3, 2022 march 3, 2022 return to campus update: capacity limits dear uwindsor community, throughout the entire covid-19 pandemic, the university of windsor and the office of health & safety have been guided by federal, provincial and local public health officials in supporting the health and safety of the uwindsor community. the policies and procedures that were developed and enacted have involved a multi-layered approach to keeping our campus community safe. the covid-19 landscape is changing. slowly but surely, we?re emerging from the shadow of the pandemic. vaccines, including boosters, are widely available and the university continues to encourage our community to get vaccinated against covid-19. across the country and province, a great majority are fully vaccinated, and public health measures are being eased accordingly. as dr. theresa tam, chief public health officer of canada, and dr. kieran moore, ontario chief medical officer of health, have stated, the on-going presence of covid-19 requires shifting our response in a ?more sustainable? way. as announced by the government of ontario, capacity limits in indoor spaces across the province were lifted on tuesday, march 1. accordingly, effective monday, march 7, capacity limits for indoor on-campus buildings will be removed. 100% capacity (based on fire code) will be permitted in all buildings, including: leddy library caw student centre st. denis centre / forge fitness centre capacity restrictions in elevators, washrooms and other shared spaces such as meeting rooms are no longer in effect. however, it is recommended that 2 metre distancing remain where possible. there are no changes to classroom occupancy limits as these were set at the time of registration for the winter 2022 semester. daily screening through the self-assessment questionnaire (safe lancer app) remains mandatory, as well as the use of designated building entrances and scanning of green "approved" qr codes/badges. masking requirements remain in place across the province (and on-campus) at this time. masks can be obtained from the chemical control centre. review the university of windsor mask policy at this link. with indoor capacity limits removed, the final step of our gradual return to campus, a full return for all employees (faculty and staff) is now set to take place by the end of april. employees should prepare for 100% on-campus return by may 1. for related questions and concerns, employees should speak to their supervisors, department heads or deans. as previously communicated, uwindsor?s vaccination policy will remain in effect for the winter 2022 semester. as recommended by the council of ontario universities, this will serve to minimize uncertainty and disruption to our university community. in the coming weeks, guided by public health recommendations, uwindsor will carefully review our policies, protocols and procedures related to covid-19. we remain flexible to adapt where necessary. updates regarding the intersession, summer and fall terms will also be forthcoming. sincerely, rob gordon, phd president and vice chancellor patti weir, phd interim provost and vice-president, academic have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
