https://conta.cc/3rPqLKw
return to campus begins monday return to campus life and community e-newsletter - january 27, 2022 january 27, 2022 return to campus begins monday follow these steps to make sure you're ready: as we prepare for a return to in-person work, learning and on-campus activities, we ask that you please review the following that outlines some of the university's robust health and safety guidelines, policies and procedures. while the semester is already underway, monday will mark the return of the largest number of students, faculty and staff on-campus since march 2020. please take a few minutes to review this important checklist to ensure you're ready for the return to campus. but first, please remember that next week's return to campus is likely an all new experience for your fellow students and many of our faculty and staff. let's make kindness and patience a priority as we learn and work together while supporting a safe return. 1. wear a mask. put simply, masks are required across campus. they are a simple and effective tool to keep each other safe. all students, visitors, faculty, staff and contractors must wear a mask when entering all campus buildings and in common, shared spaces such as classrooms and other instructional spaces, entrances, exits, hallways, stairwells, lounges, washrooms and elevators. masks should also be worn outdoors when distancing of 2 metres cannot be maintained. masks may be removed in designated eating areas when actively eating or drinking. read the mask policy to learn more. 2. vaccination attestation the university of windsor has a covid-19 vaccination policy. the vaccination status attestation deadline for new students (and those whose vaccination status may have changed) is monday, january 31. completion of your attestation is necessary to receive a confirmation code required for the daily self-assessment questionnaire. (see #3) to attend campus, you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program 3. daily self-assessment questionnaire the self-assessment questionnaire must be completed daily before you come to campus, through the safe lancer app, webform or paper copy. your ticket to accessing campus is the green "approved" qr code that you'll receive after completing the self-assessment questionnaire. to complete the questionnaire, you will need the confirmation code provided to you by completing your vaccination attestation. forgot your code? you can find it with your uwinid by visiting account.uwindsor.ca need to complete your vaccination attestation? visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine to submit your proof of vaccination. 4. be prepared at qr code scanners qr code scanners are located at all designated entrances to campus buildings. you must scan your green "approved" qr code badge every time you enter a campus building. enter campus buildings through the designated entrances with posted signage. refer to these maps or download campusgo (the new wayfinding app) to navigate to these designated entrances. please be patient and allow yourself extra time as the scanning process may lead to potential delays. have your qr code ready to scan and leave space while queueing for the scanners. rtc safety ambassadors will be stationed in buildings across campus to assist and minimize delays. 5. know how to report illness upon completing the daily self-assessment questionnaire, if you receive a red "denied" badge, stay home. if feeling unwell, stay home. absence and illness must be reported via email to covid19reporting@uwindsor.ca. at that time, further instructions regarding potential isolation requirements and the date you may be permitted to return to campus will be sent in the reply. the flowchart presented in the guidance for covid-19 positive, presumed positive and close contacts document outlines important steps when reporting an illness. review this flowchart prior to completing the daily screening through the self-assessment questionnaire (safe lancer app). academic considerations given the potential for ongoing health-related concerns, the university has made the decision to extend the use of the student self-report of illness interface for the winter 2022 semester. students are asked to use uwinsite student to report an illness that will prevent them from attending in-person instruction, completing an assessment (graded assignment) on time or taking an exam for a specific course. learn more at: ask.uwindsor.ca 6. campus student orientation video uwsa president jasleen dayal outlines everything you need to know in this brief video. have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
