https://conta.cc/3KryW8d
return to campus website: latest news and protocol information source for uwindsor community return to campus life and community e-newsletter - january 20, 2022 january 20, 2022 return to campus website: latest news and protocol information source for uwindsor community the return to campus website is a central information resource designed for the entire uwindsor community. sub-sections for students, faculty, staff and research, along with information for campus visitors, have been designed to support the uwindsor community while learning and working remotely, and in support of return to campus efforts. latest news, academic and health & safety information is available through this comprehensive and regularly updated site. uwindsor.ca/returntocampus january 31 reminder as announced by the university of windsor, a return to on-campus learning and work will begin on january 31. students are reminded that the stated delivery mode for classes and labs as outlined in the winter 2022 timetable will be the delivery mode from january 31 onward. put simply, classes and labs that were originally designated as in-person (including in-person sections of hy-flex courses) will return for in-person instruction, on-campus. classes and labs that were to be delivered online (either exclusively online or through a hy-flex online section) will remain online. booster doses and attestation definition: "fully vaccinated" in accordance with the university of windsor covid-19 vaccination policy and the ministry of health, a person is fully vaccinated if, (a) they have received, (i) the full two-dose series of a covid-19 vaccine authorized by health canada, or any combination of such vaccines, (ii) one or two doses of a covid-19 vaccine not authorized by health canada, followed by one dose of a covid-19 mrna vaccine authorized by health canada, or (iii) three doses of a covid-19 vaccine not authorized by health canada; and 3 (b) they received their final dose of the covid-19 vaccine at least 14 days before providing the proof of being fully vaccinated. booster doses (most often a 3rd dose following a two-dose series) are strongly recommended by public health officials in the fight against covid-19. upon receiving your booster dose, you may wish to update your vaccination attestation. this is not required for those who have already attested to being fully vaccinated. should you wish to update your records, you will need the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code. visit this page for instructions on how to obtain it, including out-of-province vaccine registration. pop-up vaccination clinic reminder where: windsor hall, 167 ferry when: monday january 24, 9:30 a.m. - 3:45 p.m. who: open to all 5+ no appointment or health card required! uwindsor students who attend and receive any dose will have $25 added to their uwincard! first, second and booster doses of the covid-19 mrna vaccine will be available. vaccinations continue to be our best defence against serious illness and hospitalizations and help to protect the healthcare system. the entire uwindsor community is strongly encouraged to get their next dose as soon as eligible. let's all do our part! learn more at uwindsor.ca/takeajab on-campus case counts due to the recent surge in covid-19 cases related to the omicron variant and changes in testing eligibility, case counts are no longer reflective of the actual number of positive cases within the community as testing capacity is limited. as a result, the on-campus case count dashboard is no longer being updated. monitoring of on-campus positive cases will continue. local health unit management of cases, close contacts and outbreaks has been modified to focus on high-risk settings. to learn more, visit: wechu.org have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
