https://www.uwindsor.ca/animal-care-committee/review-process
review process | animal care committee skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students animal care committee animal care committee in this section welcome contact committee members review process policies and guidelines health and safety in animal based research forms research training educational material welcome contact committee members review process policies and guidelines health and safety in animal based research forms research training educational material uwindsor home animal care committee review process review process procedures for protocols please note that all application and documentation submitted to the acc should be completed on the updated versions of the documents found on our forms web page. review process all new protocols using animals are reviewed at the animal care committee (acc) meetings held in february, june, september and december of each year. applications which are submitted at other times of the year will be considered for ?interim approval? and signed by the chair of the acc. this will allow researchers to begin their project as soon as ?interim approval? has been granted. final approval will be considered at the next quarterly meeting of the acc. please note: all student members listed on the aupp are required to complete the animal training modules and laboratory animal student training course and will be required to provide proof of completion prior to the final approval of any new aupp. duration of approval and yearly renewals in the event the project is to continue beyond one year, the researcher can ?renew? ethics approval for each of the next two years using the revised progress/renewal report form. thus, if your aupp was submitted as a new application in 2018, the progress report form can be used in each of years 2019 and 2020. if you intend to continue the project beyond this, you must submit a final report and a full aupp for this purpose before approval expires in 2021. ethics approval of all research proposals is usually issued for one year at a time. however, all researchers must submit an annual renewal form to the animal care coordinator prior to the anniversary date of that application. those forms will be reviewed at the next upcoming acc committee meeting. these renewals provide the necessary information for compiling statistics for the ccac animal use data form which must be submitted by the end of march each year. you will receive a renewal reminder from the acc prior to your anniversary date each year. protocol modifications to be consistent with the ccac guidelines, all personnel who will be involved in the use of animals under a specific project must be listed on the corresponding aupp under the personnel section. all subsequent changes (i.e., additions, changes, deletions) to personnel associated with the project must be registered with the acc by using the request to revise form. in the case of additions, the request to revise form must be filed with the acc prior to the person beginning work on the project. this requirement also includes changes to undergraduate and graduate students associated with the project regardless of the duration. contact the animal care committee if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. animal care committee chrysler hall north room 2138 519-253-3000 ext. 3741 acc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save links and education resources canadian council on animal care uwindsor health and safety uwindsor whmis training chemical control centre nserc ontario animals for research act share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
