https://www.uwindsor.ca/research-ethics-board/316/review-process
review process  | research ethics board skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students research ethics board research ethics board in this section welcome metrics at a glance review process review dates policies forms tri-council policy statement 2 (2018) education and resources clinical trials contact us at the reb welcome metrics at a glance review process review dates policies forms tri-council policy statement 2 (2018) education and resources clinical trials contact us at the reb uwindsor home research ethics board review process review process applications must be submitted by 4pm on monday in order to be considered for review in the following two weeks. late submissions will be put over to the next review cycle. incomplete applications will be returned for completion. please note: all applications require the submission of a tcps2 certificate for all members of the research application. once an application is accepted for review the reb has up to four weeks to review the application and provide feedback. proportional review the university of windsor has a proportional review process where a protocol is assigned a level of review based on assessment of risk or designation by the chair. delegated/executive review the delegated committee meet weekly, usually on tuesday, to review proposals which qualify for the expedited process. generally, these include applications that: have been previously approved but require minor revisions; do not contain more than minimal risk do not involve deception and/or do not include biomedical elements if the board believes that more than minimal risk is involved then the proposal will go through the full review process. full review research, which involves greater than minimal risk, notable deception, and/or biomedical procedures, is reviewed by the full reb. they usually meet once a month. minimal risk minimal risk occurs when potential subjects can reasonably be expected to regard the probability and magnitude of possible harms implied by participants in the research to be no greater than those encountered by the participant in those aspects of his or her everyday life that relate to the research. deception protocols involving the use of deception would normally be referred to full reb for consideration. any use of deception requires a rationale as to why alternatives to deception cannot be used, including an argument showing that the benefits of the use of deception outweigh the risks. biomedical research biomedical research is defined as studies designed to determine the consequences for individuals and communities of specific preventive or therapeutic measures and/or invasive procedures, and studies concerning human health-related behaviour and/or experiences in a variety of circumstances and environments. revisions most protocols undergo one or more rounds of revisions prior to being approved. within a week after reviewing the application, the reb contacts the researcher by email with the questions and comments raised by the reviewers. if revisions are minor, these can be carried out quite quickly in an expedited fashion. researchers should allow at least 4 weeks for the review process for minimal risk research to be completed. the timeliness of review of an application is highly dependent on the submission of a complete application and that the information in the application is clearly described in terms that an educated person from outside of the field of the research can understand. revisions are submitted by email to the research ethics coordinator, unless otherwise noted. researchers respond to the comments in one document, and edit the original application using track changes. both documents (the responses to the comments and the revised application) must be submitted to the office before the responses will be reviewed. approval letters when the final approval has been obtained, researchers are notified by email by the chair of the reb (student supervisors are copied on this correspondence). this is followed by a formal letter listing the terms of the approval. for research funding awarded 'pending ethics approval', an email is sent to the office of research services indicating ethics approval, whereupon they authorize the opening of research accounts. ethics approvals are issued for a maximum period of 12 months only. in some cases, "outstanding materials" is given where a document, such as the approval letter from a school board or hospital, has not been received by the researcher prior to submission to the reb. final clearance is given once the document has been received by the research ethics coordinator. progress reports at least once a year, all researchers must submit a progress report to the research ethics coordinator in order to have their approval extended past the initial twelve-month period. if the project ends prior to one year from the date of the clearance letter, a final report must be submitted. researchers may be notified by email in advance of their twelve month approval expiring, and provided with a progress/final report form which they must complete, prior to the expiry of their initial approval. a progress report must be submitted for each funded project prior to the release of any additional funds associated with that project. this process is repeated each year until the project is finished. post-approval amendments any changes made to either the research protocol (including changes to the study design recruitment method, study population, surveys, questionnaires, or interview formats), or the consent form must be submitted for reb review prior to their implementation. researchers seeking an amendment should submit the signed original plus one copy of the request to revise form along with: a memo briefly describing the changes that the researcher wishes to make, and why (s)he wishes to make them. the memo should describe what is the impact of the change on the study objectives, methodology, and data analysis. any changed documents associated with the study (e.g. recruitment materials, consent forms, study instruments), with the modification highlighted for comparison with the original versions on file. amendments can be very minor (in which case the chair of the reb can authorize their approval), or more fundamental (in which case they are sent to the expedited reviewers). if the proposed amendment requires revision, or further information is needed, the researcher will be notified by email. once the request to revise is approved, the chair of the reb will notify the researcher by email of this approval. final reports all researchers must complete and submit a final report once their data collection is completed. should a research project be finished prior to the twelve month renewal date, the researcher must notify the research ethics coordinator as soon as possible and complete and submit a final report using the progress/final report form. extensions of protocols cleared protocols with no other changes can be extended by submitting any progress reports that are due. the progress report form provides a space for requesting very minor changes to applications. extending dates can be submitted on the progress report, or in a separate request to revise. after an application has been open for 3 years, the reb may request the submission of a new application. closure of protocols protocols will be closed: on the receipt of a final report; three months following the final clearance date; or once a file has been open for three years unless other arrangements have been made. incomplete/pending files will be closed at the discretion of the board after a period of no longer than 12 months. opening of closed protocols the board will consider re-opening a protocol that has been closed within the past 12 months. such requests are submitted on the request to revise form. files that have been closed for more than 12 months must be submitted as a new application. contact the uwindsor office of research ethics if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. office of research ethics university of windsor 401 sunset avenue, 2146 chrysler hall north windsor, on n9b 3p4 (519) 253-3000 ext 3948 ethics@uwindsor.ca share tweet save announcements & presentations new tcps2: core-2022 training information updated resumption of research framework consent addendum for covid appendix ?j? ? university of windsor research ethics board research with human participants under covid-19 restrictions new reb application form new u of w psychology participant pool manual tcps2 (2018) published august 15, 2019 tcps2 (2018) ?guidance on how to address material incidental findings.? tri-council policy statement 2 (tcps2) resources tcps 2 (2018) - public consultation 2021 - eptc 2 (2018) - consultation publique 2021 tcps2 (2018) edition (on-line) tcps2 (2018) edition (.pdf) tcps2 2018 highlights of changes (on-line) tcps2 online tutorial: course on research ethics (core) 2022 resources review dates office of research innovation services recruiting via mass email at the university of windsor are you thinking about participating in a study? research summaries research summaries for participants upload research summaries issues in research ethics statement from careb-accer's board of directors on anti-black racism research integrity and societal trust in research conserve 2021 statement walking together - applying for ocap clinical research in resource limited settings ethics and governance of artificial intelligence for health retraction watch: ethical challenges of consent for case studies justice, diversity, and research ethics review impact ethics: ensuring the integrity of clinical research- urging research ethics boards to be more proactive in their oversight responsibility archived issues in research ethics share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
