https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/tags/robert-gordon
robert gordon | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews uwindsor home dailynews robert gordon the university of windsor?s new sports and recreation complex will be named the toldo lancer centre. new recreation complex dubbed the toldo lancer centre mar 30th, 2022 the university of windsor?s new sports and recreation complex will be named the toldo lancer centre. tags: linda rohr robert gordon tony toldo lancer centre john elliot and amina abdulle will open the cultural awareness and belonging speaker series on wednesday, march 23. inclusion and indigeneity themes of wednesday events mar 22nd, 2022 events exploring issues of indigeneity and inclusion are wednesday?s contributions to edid week. tags: beverly jacobs fardovza kusow hussein samhat robert gordon the university of windsor?s first-ever employee engagement survey, launched monday, will help to create a positive workplace its staff and faculty can be proud of, says president robert gordon. university launches survey of employee engagement mar 15th, 2022 the university of windsor?s first-ever employee engagement survey launched monday. tags: robert gordon human resources marcela ciampa local vendors have contributed incentives to participate in the uwindsor strategic planning survey. local vendors help incentivize survey participation mar 4th, 2022 local vendors have contributed incentives to participate in the uwindsor strategic planning survey. tags: vincent georgie robert gordon faculty and staff will have an opportunity to share confidential feedback about their experiences working at the university of windsor through its first-ever employee engagement survey, march 14 to 25. survey responses to help shape workplace mar 3rd, 2022 an employee engagement survey will give uwindsor faculty and staff an opportunity to share confidential feedback about their work experiences. tags: robert gordon human resources complete the strategic planning survey by monday, march 7. reminder: complete the strategic planning survey mar 1st, 2022 complete the strategic planning survey by monday, march 7. tags: robert gordon aspire the university and city of windsor have agreed to a memorandum of understanding to advance partnerships. university, city to formalize partnerships feb 28th, 2022 a team from the university and city of windsor is undertaking research and discussion to support the development of a long-term partnership agreement between windsor?s municipal government and the university of windsor. this effort follows on from a memorandum of understanding approved in fall 2021, outlining a shared commitment to enhance working relationships, advance shared strategic priorities, and develop structures and procedures support those wanting to build partnered projects across the two organizations in areas of shared priority. tags: robert gordon have your say in shaping the university of windsor?s future. complete the university of windsor strategic planning survey by march 7. survey to inform strategic planning process feb 16th, 2022 have your say in shaping the university of windsor?s future. complete the university of windsor strategic planning survey by march 7. tags: robert gordon aspire gillian heisz has accepted an appointment as uwindsor vice-president, finance & operations, effective feb. 14. hiring of vp finance positions university to meet objectives: president feb 10th, 2022 gillian heisz has accepted an appointment as uwindsor vice-president, finance & operations, effective feb. 14. tags: gillian heisz robert gordon finance the space at 300 ouellette ave. will be used to fulfill a vision of a community learning, technology, and innovation hub. downtown campus to expand with acquisition of 300 ouellette feb 3rd, 2022 the university of windsor took possession of 300 ouellette ave. on feb. 1. tags: robert gordon downtown campus 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? next ? share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
