http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/safe-lancer/id1202363678?mt=8
?safe lancer on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview safe lancer 4+ university of windsor designed for ipad free screenshots ipad iphone description safe lancer is an essential tool to enhance your safety at university of windsor. the app will send you important safety alerts and provide instant access to campus safety resources. safe lancer is the official mobile safety app of the university of windsor. safe lancer benefits include: - safety notifications: receive instant notifications and instructions from campus safety when on-campus emergencies occur. - emergency help: contact campus safety staff quickly for help in an emergency. - campus safety resources: access all important university of windsor safety resources in one convenient app. thousands of students, faculty, and staff at the university of windsor are already using safe lancer. download today and ensure that you're prepared in the event of an emergency. what?s new aug 8, 2020 version 1.4 performance improvements. app privacy the developer, university of windsor, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to apple. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. no details provided the developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update. information seller university of windsor size 12.2 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 9.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 9.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 9.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english age rating 4+ location this app may use your location even when it isn?t open, which can decrease battery life. copyright ? 2020 university of windsor price free app support privacy policy app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer uwin fahss education uwindsor connect education you might also like blackboard instructor education g1 driving test - ontario 2022 education lambtonsafe education ontario g1 driving test 2022 education nimbus education mcmaster safetyapp education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
