https://www.uwindsor.ca/chemical-control-centre/302/safety-programs
safety programs | chemical control centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students chemical control centre chemical control centre in this section welcome to the ccc safety programs biosafety compressed gas & cryogenic safety emergency eyewash stations & safety showers fume hoods & biological safety cabinets laboratory safety laser safety radiation safety respiratory protection program whmis 2015 x-ray safety laboratory safety orientation checklist chemical stock room required training research safety committee spill response waste management contact us welcome to the ccc safety programs biosafety compressed gas & cryogenic safety emergency eyewash stations & safety showers fume hoods & biological safety cabinets laboratory safety laser safety radiation safety respiratory protection program whmis 2015 x-ray safety laboratory safety orientation checklist chemical stock room required training research safety committee spill response waste management contact us uwindsor home chemical control centre safety programs safety programs laboratory safety programs the chemical control centre is responsible for laboratory safety training, approval of safety certification requests, and monitoring compliance with safety guidelines for a variety of research areas. a brief overview of the safety, training and certification programs available to investigators and their students through the ccc are outlined here. biosafety the chemical control centre is responsible for administering the biosafety program on a day-to-day basis, for providing technical advice on safety procedures and equipment, and providing information on relevant regulations. investigators who will be using biohazardous agents in their labs should apply for a biosafety certificate or renew a current certification as required. learn more about biosafety training and certification fume hoods and biological safety cabinets the chemical control centre?s laboratory safety, assurance, and compliance group audits fume hood performance in collaboration with facilities services to recalibrate the airflow to meet operational requirements on an annual basis. to report fume hood malfunctions or if you require more information, contact: facilities services heating & cooling - energy conversion centre (ecc) (519) 253-3000 ext. 7027 learn more about fume hoods and biological safety cabinets compressed gas cylinders gas cylinders are a common feature in the university workplace and pose hazards such as high pressures, asphyxiation, fire, explosion and manual handling. the average standard size cylinder is pressurized at 2,200 psi (pounds per square inch). these cylinders are safe under normal use; however, serious accidents have resulted from the misuse, abuse, or improper handling of compressed gases. training is available for safe transport, use and disposal of gas cylinders through the ccc. learn more about compressed gas cylinders safety laboratory safety a variety of programs are available for employees and students which fall under the umbrella of laboratory safety. they include whmis (workplace hazardous materials information system), laboratory awareness training for undergraduate students, hydrogen fluoride training, spill response training, and a course for understanding the labeling of hazardous substances. the chemical control centre also provides relevant manuals for safe laboratory practices. learn more about laboratory safety laser safety the university of windsor?s radiation safety program issues internal permits to university employees who are the principal investigator or person-in-charge (i.e. aau head) of the location where the class 3b or class 4 lasers/laser systems are used or stored. learn more about laser safety training and permits radiation safety the university of windsor?s radiation safety program has been established to protect individuals who utilize radioisotopes while exceeding the requirements stipulated by the canadian nuclear safety commission. the radiation safety program encompasses a wide variety of radiation sources, including naturally occurring materials, open and sealed sources, and both laser and x-ray radiation. learn more about radiation safety training and manuals x-ray safety the university of windsor is committed to the health and safety of the entire university community, including staff, students, faculty, and visitors. the university of windsor utilizes x-rays within both our research and teaching laboratories. x-ray sources can be detrimental to human health when used improperly. however, when used properly and in accordance with internal and external rules and regulations, the risk to the university community can be reduced. learn more about x-ray safety training and proper usage repiratory protection program the respiratory protection program (.pdf) was developed to protect the health of workers, students and visitors from hazardous airborne contaminants. the program aims to ensure that the correct respiratory protection is provided to and properly used by appropriate personnel at the university of windsor and to comply with applicable codes and regulations regarding respirator use. each department or faculty that requires personnel to use a respirator is responsible to ensure that this program is implemented and maintained. in order to determine if you need to first visit your health care provider the respirator user screening form must be completed and given to the trainer prior to fit testing. controlled substances the university of windsor is committed to ensuring that veterinary biologics, narcotics, controlled drugs and substances are used appropriately within our scholarly activities. this policy outlines how these items are to be acquired, stored, used, and disposed across all academic, research, and administrative areas controlled goods as a registered person with the control goods directorate (cgd) a security plan must be developed and implemented to protect goods, as well as the development, implementation and maintenance of a record keeping mechanism at the university of windsor. the purpose of this plan is to outline the university of windsor?s security plan to ensure that adequate security measures are implemented in the protection of controlled goods and/or technology contact the chemical control centre if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. chemical control centre office: b37 essex hall phone: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3523 fax: (519) 973-7013 email: ccc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save resources hazardous materials information system safety data sheets available training available manuals share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
