https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/supportuwindsor/2021-02-05/scholarship-program-aims-enhance-post-secondary-options-black-students
scholarship program aims to enhance post-secondary options for black students | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support uwindsor support uwindsor in this section welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor scholarship program aims to enhance post-secondary options for black students scholarship program aims to enhance post-secondary options for black students the university will match the first $125,000 in donations to a new scholarship to support black-identified students. the university of windsor has established a $250,000 goal for a new scholarship initiative that will begin to support black-identified students in fall 2021. to achieve this milestone, the university is committed to matching the first $125,000 raised in a campaign that will launch during black history month. the black student scholarship initiative is an outstanding opportunity, says gemma grey-hall, acting director of advancement. not only is it an excellent chance for current and prospective students to pursue any one of 190 uwindsor undergraduate program options, but these funds could potentially serve as a resource for those with aspirations to explore graduate degrees at the university of windsor. ?i?m excited to be part of this initiative that will help students at the university of windsor,? says grey-hall. ?these funds provide supports for equitable access to education.? the scholarships are part of the university?s effort to address anti-black racism to ensure that all campus community members can study, work, teach, research, and create in healthy, safe, and supportive environments. the scholarship fund is intended to assist students who self-identify as black. scholarships will be available to entering and continuing students in both graduate and undergraduate programs, and will be allocated through a student awards committee. students may apply for the scholarship through the university?s office of student awards and financial aid. click here to make a donation today. ? published on feb 5th, 2021 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
