http://www.uwindsor.ca/science/328/news
science news | faculty of science skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi faculty of science about news scienceuwindsor@home science matters newsletter faculty of science council faculty of science town hall science videos contact and social media covid-19 uwin updates news news scienceuwindsor@home science matters newsletter faculty of science council faculty of science town hall science videos contact and social media covid-19 uwin updates news follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin media contact sara elliott communications coordinator selliott@uwindsor.ca phone: 519-253-3000, ext. 3491 uwindsor home faculty of science about science news science news science @ uwindsor latest news advocacy earns award for marine biology student - mar 28, 2022 danielle orrell has been recognized with the women of fisheries gives back award, an early career award from women of fisheries, inc. the phd student of integrative biology has made a career travelling to remote communities to... secretary scores in hockey quiz contest - mar 25, 2022 lori lanno, a secretary in the department of mathematics and statistics, won thursday?s dailynews quiz and its prize of a ballcap with the detroit red wings logo in lancer blue and gold, donated by the university of windsor alumni association. lanno?s entry was drawn from all those which correctly identified daniel alfredsson and dominik hasek as having played for both detroit... computer science celebrating ?triumphant? return to programming contest - mar 16, 2022 uwindsor undergraduate students joined their north american counterparts online in high-pressure competition during the international collegiate programming contest (icpc) in february. four teams from the school of computer science participated in the five-hour east central north american regional competition, comprised of 97 teams from 32 universities. ?there are three people... chemistry student earns national award for research - mar 10, 2022 the canadian society for chemistry inorganic division has named a uwindsor student as the winner of its award for undergraduate research in inorganic chemistry (auric). the auric recognizes a student registered in an undergraduate program in canada during the year preceding the nomination deadline, whose ability to perform research in the field of inorganic chemistry is judged to be of... award to fund student research on sustainability in the school of the environment - mar 9, 2022 a new scholarship endowed by a retired professor in the school of the environment will assist students in putting their knowledge of natural processes to work in finding possible, lasting solutions for present-day economic and environmental problems. earth science applications for sustainable development is endowed for $50,000. it will fund two annual awards of $1,000... webinar to offer info on grad program in translational health science - mar 3, 2022 the master of science in translational health science (msths) program, which launches in may, 2022, is hosting a live webinar information session... chemists help local crystal competitors - mar 2, 2022 chemistry professor nick vukotic and experiential learning specialist michelle bondy in the faculty of science worked with windsor-essex high schools to prepare students for the 2021 chemical institute of canada?s national crystal growing competition. ?it is difficult to grow a really good crystal ? it... warning system to prevent beach drownings - mar 1, 2022 uwindsor researchers along with community partners in bruce county are creating a real-time dynamic warning system to protect great lakes beach users from drowning. this system will be the first of its kind in north america. the mitacs accelerate proposal, called ?socially and physically based surf warning system to improve beach safety,? is led by researcher chris houser in... 1 2 3 next ? share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin media contact sara elliott communications coordinator selliott@uwindsor.ca phone: 519-253-3000, ext. 3491 tweets by @scienceuwindsor tweets by scienceuwindsor share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
