https://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/633/sending-mass-e-mail
sending mass e-mail | information technology services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students information technology services information technology services in this section home about us our services getting started authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support home about us our services getting started authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support uwindsor home information technology services sending mass e-mail sending mass e-mail policy for the use of university electronic mailing lists it is intended that the following policy with respect to the use of university electronic mailing lists will become an addendum to the university's acceptable use policy. university electronic mailing lists have been set up to provide university-wide communication with all or a substantial subgroup of the campus such as all staff, all faculty, all students. university electronic mailing lists for these subgroups are restricted for use by authorized persons to conduct university business only. there are occasions when a university-wide communication is an appropriate means to send a message to a large group of people. however, sending such messages may have a negative effect on computer resources especially if carried out during normal work hours. it may take a considerable amount of time for these messages to be distributed to the campus and could cause the disruption of regular mail services and cause systems on campus to be overloaded. therefore, before following this avenue, it is critical that you give careful consideration to whom you are targeting with your message. sending a message to all faculty and staff when only very few within this population may be interested in the message is inappropriate use. you may consider using one of the following alternatives: dailynews: the dailynews is a service provided through the office of public affairs and communications. story ideas and suggestions may be made to the dailynews by sending a message to uofwnews@uwindsor.ca university calendar of events: the university calendar of events is a service provided through the office of public affairs and communications. events may be submitted to the university calendar by visiting the dailynews web site located at uwindsor.ca/events. all event submissions are reviewed prior to posting. please note that public affairs and communications reserves the right to determine the appropriateness of material submitted for inclusion in the dailynews or university calendar of events. paper media: placing an ad/article in the student university newspaper, the lance, should be considered. for publication deadlines, please either contact the lance at extension 3905, fax: 971-3624 or by e-mail at uwlance@uwindsor.ca policy on rare occasions when it is urgent to communicate in a timely fashion with the university community, a university-wide communication may be considered. you must comply with points 1 - 3 below and one of 4 or 5. a university-wide communication must only be used for university business and will be sent only with the appropriate departmental head approval. a university-wide communication will be sent during non-peak hours (outside of normal university business hours) unless of a time-sensitive or critical nature. the content of a university-wide communication must be brief. the size of the message must be kept to a minimum and should not contain graphics or other size enhancing attributes. you may want to provide a web page link within your message to provide more information while at the same time, minimizing the size of your message. to request permission to send e-mail to a large number of faculty and/or staff, please contact the office of human resources at extension 2059. to request permission to send an e-mail to a designated student group(s), please complete this online form: https://uwindsor.ca/studentexperience/student-mass-email include the following information in your e-mail message: subject: target group (all students, students by year, etc.) when to send e-mail by: who is the e-mail to appear to be coming from: (uwindsor e-mail address and person's name) body of the e-mail: text only, no graphics share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
