https://future.uwindsor.ca/student-services-support?elqTrackId=b4f1d0705f844aaa925a1b002b41110e&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=1503
<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> services and support - dive right in, we're here to help - uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students services & support ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close this is student life @ uwindsor head over to the forge fitness centre for a quick workout or pilates class. grab lunch with friends at the marketplace (vegan mushroom strudel, coconut curried beef, or the pulled pork lasagna?). take your laptop outside and enjoy the outdoor space. and don?t forget that ultimate frisbee game! in our residence halls and restaurants, you?ll bond with new friends from around the world. be sure to get involved and join student clubs and organizations. you?ll fit right in! our campus covers 125 acres and houses 47 buildings, including some pretty awesome, new environmentally-friendly ones on our main and downtown campuses. and over 50% of our campus is green space where you can hang with friends, do homework or just read a book. you?ll be living in one of the coolest (although surprisingly warm) metropolitan areas in north america. the sister cities of windsor and detroit offer the best of both worlds ? the charm, personal feel, and fabulous restaurants of a small city in windsor with big city amenities such as major league sports, big name concerts, and entertainment in detroit. we?re here to make your uwindsor experience the best possible. the university offers dozens of support services, from study skills workshops to counselling to special needs accommodations. our campus sits on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations, comprised of the ojibwa, the odawa, and the potawatomi. there are few places on earth that someone before us has not called home. explore programs tell me more about uwindsor hidden - cert please selectcertificate in arts managementcertificate in business administrationcertificate in border management and international tradecertificate in work and employment issues (general stream or chrp designation stream)certificate in law and politicscertificate in north american studiescertificate in public administrationcertificate in second language educationcertificate in women's and gender studiescertificate in applied information technologypost baccalaureate/post graduate certificate programshonours certificate in civil engineeringhonours certificate in electrical engineeringhonours certificate in environmental engineeringhonours certificate in industrial and management engineeringpost graduate certificate in accountingundecided hidden - undergrad please selectactingaeronautic leadershipbehaviour, cognition and neurosciencebiological sciencesbusinesschemistry and biochemistrycommunication, media and filmcomputer sciencecriminologydisability studiesdramatic arteconomicseducation/concurrent educationengineeringenglishenvironmental sciences/environmental studiesfamily and social relationsforensicsfrenchgreek and roman studieshistoryindustrial engineeringinterdisciplinary arts and scienceinternational relationskinesiology/human kineticslawliberal arts and professional studiesmathematicsmedicine (pathways to)modern languages (german, italian, spanish)musicnursingphilosophyphysicspolitical sciencepsychologyscience (general)social worksociologyvisual artsvisual arts and the built environmentwomen?s and gender studiesundeclaredundecided hidden - graduate please selectactuarial scienceapplied computingapplied economics and policyargumentation studiesautomotive engineeringbiological sciencesbusiness administrationchemistry and biochemistrycivil engineeringcommunication and social justicecomputer sciencecriminologyearth scienceseconomicseducationelectrical engineeringengineering materialsengineering managementenglish language, literature and creative writingenvironmental engineeringenvironmental sciencefilm and media artshistoryhuman kineticsindustrial and manufacturing systems engineeringindustrial engineeringkinesiologylawmanagementmaterials chemistry and engineeringmathematics and statisticsmechanical engineeringmedical biotechnologynursingphilosophyphysicspolitical sciencepsychologysocial worksociologyvisual artsundecided hidden - professional please selecteducationlaw hidden - continuing ed please selectadditional qualifications for teachersinternational educator certificate for international baccalaureate (ib) qualificationresearch methodsteaching english to speakers of other languages (tesol) certificateundecided email address* first name* last name i am... please selectcurrently studying at high schoollooking to advance or change careertaking a gap yearcurrently studying at a collegecurrently applying to study at uwindsorcurrently studying at uwindsorcurrently studying at another universitya careers/employment advisor or teachera parent or friend enquiring on behalf of someonecurrently working at uwindsorcurrently working at another educational institution what level of study are you interested in? please selectundergraduatecertificate and diploma programsprofessional (law & education)graduatecontinuing education my study area of interest please select by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. safe & diverse community writing support desk accessibility services international student support student experience academic advising advice on course selection, program and degree requirements student accessibility services advising and supports for students with disabilities who require academic accommodations build ? a multi-day program to help transition to university for students with documented learning disabilities and/or adhd international student centre services to engage our diverse student body soft landing program for new international students orientation programs head start orientation ? make your schedule and explore the campus welcome week ? ease your transition into university life by getting to know the campus community before classes begin student success and leadership centre leadership and volunteer programs outstanding scholars program bounce back designed for students who did not achieve their academic goals in first semester and want a fresh approach to their studies writing support desk helps with writing needs visit student support safety on campus campus community police uwindsor places a high priority on the public safety of our campus community. the campus community police work in partnership with the university community to provide a safe and secure environment to all students, staff, faculty, and visitors by providing a 24-hour presence on our campus to respond to routine and emergency calls for service. visit campus police bystander initiative a place where all students can take responsibility for making the world a safer place. get involved and gain real tools to recognize and interrupt unsafe situations. know when to act. know what to do. make positive and long-lasting changes in your community. visit bystander initiative stay healthy & safe our many supports and services will help you thrive: bystander initiative campus community police chiropractic and massage therapy doctor?s office, dental office forge fitness centre lancer recreation services peer counselling centre sexual misconduct response & prevention office student counselling centre/peer support centre student health services student medical response service walksafe academic support at uwindsor, we can help you make the transition to university with confidence arts, humanities & social sciences our student mentors are here for you to help build your comfort level during class discussions, gain a deeper understanding of your material, or learn critical thinking and communication skills. visit fahss business the odette student success centre?s highly skilled advisors can provide you with academic advising, career services information, and first-year support and tutoring. the h.o.u.s.e. (helping odette undergraduate students excel) program supports the transition of students into undergraduate studies at the odette school of business. visit business engineering the winone office for first year engineering promotes a positive, first-year learning experience for engineering students by offering academic counselling and information about support services across campus. it also promotes mentoring of engineering students by fellow undergraduate and graduate engineering students to create a positive, inclusive, and respectful learning environment. visit engineering human kinetics all first-year hk students are automatically provided with a student mentor through the kin-one first year experience program. you will learn how to get involved, receive ongoing student support, academic and career counselling, connect with other students and build skills for a successful transition into first year. visit human kinetics nursing faculty and staff are devoted to student success within a professional learning environment. your education experience is enhanced by support services that include academic and career advising (student success coordinator), mental health counselling exclusively available to nursing students (clinical therapist), peer mentors (nursing lab), and student-led involvement (nursing society). visit nursing science the usci network is a program that supports and promotes student success in science by providing collaborative and integrative opportunities to enrich the student experience. through initiatives focused on academic support, career planning, mental health and wellness, peer mentoring, creativity and diversity, the usci network encourages science students to develop their leadership, engagement, application and discovery skills. other opportunities include: mysci advisor program matches first-year science students with an experienced, upper-year student for advice and guidance about their program math and stats learning centre awards for best mentor-mentee in forensic science visit science lancer centre updates close apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
