http://www.saccwindsor.net/
sexual assault crisis centre ? just another wordpress site skip to content windsor, ontario sexual assault crisis centre menu home en fran?ais acceuil ? propos de nous ressources contactez-nous consentement ai-je besoin du counselling? abus sexuel d?hommes et gar?ons questionnaire d?admission dons about sacc about sacc what is involved in counselling? sexual assault of men and boys common responses to sexual violence effects of sexual violence on the survivor party safe party partners safe partying tips taking care of a drunk person use your power as a bystander party partner in action (videos) resources contact us intake questionnaire donations donations by cheque securities and mutual bond donations for clients sacc wellness sacc program sacc news careers confidentiality and concerns covid 19 service update information research shows that people who have been through trauma get better faster and more easily when they have support and counsellors who can help them move forward. crisis intervention our service provides a twenty-four hour crisis line to survivors of sexual victimization. this service provides emotional support, problem solving strategies, information, and referrals when necessary. we provide information to those who are assisting survivors of sexual violence such as friends, family members, and other community organizations. counselling counselling is available to survivors of sexual victimization (sexual assault, sexual abuse and incest) of any age, who reside in the windsor-essex county area. services to children who are victimized are co-ordinated with the children?s aid society. counselling support is also available for non-offending significant others. satellite offices are available. public education we participate in opportunities to educate the community on the realities of sexual violence, as well as its impact, and to implement initiatives that will reduce sexual violence in our community. community educational resources are available for download here. the mission of the sexual assault crisis centre of essex county is to provide support for all victims of sexual violence through crisis intervention and counselling, advocating for those harmed by sexual violence, promoting social change through education and advancing social equality. sexual assault crisis centre is a place where human rights are respected and where lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans, non-binary, two spirit and queer people are all welcomed and supported. terms of service newsletter newsletter sign up -parent / guardian theme: overlay by kaira
