https://www.uwindsor.ca/648543/sharing-our-knowledge-%E2%80%93-discussion-kidney-medicine-joe-pitawanakwat
sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat | aboriginal education centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students aboriginal education centre aboriginal education centre events home about us events sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat student and alumni pow wow outreach programming turtle island walking tour aboriginal education council awards, scholarships & bursaries community resources contact us indigenous alumni of the university of windsor check out how to be an ally indigenous studies in fahss indigenous initiatives home about us events sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat student and alumni pow wow outreach programming turtle island walking tour aboriginal education council awards, scholarships & bursaries community resources contact us indigenous alumni of the university of windsor check out how to be an ally indigenous studies in fahss indigenous initiatives uwindsor home aboriginal education centre events sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat sharing our knowledge ? a discussion on kidney medicine with joe pitawanakwat monday, april 4, 2022 - 14:30 to 16:00 click here to register from joe pitawankwat "i am ojibway from wiikwemkoong, married with one daughter. i am the founder & director of creators garden, an indigenous outdoor, and now online, education based business, focused on plant identification, beyond-sustainable harvesting, and teaching every one of their linguistic, historical, cultural, edible, ecological and medicinal significance through experiences. my lectures and intensive programming is easily adaptable to make appropriate and successfully delivered to a variety of organizations. including over 100 first nations communities, 20 universities and 18 colleges and dozens of various institutions throughout canada and the united states and beyond. i have learned from hundreds of traditional knowledge holders and uniquely blend and reinforce it with and array of western sciences." what we do: understanding awaadiziwin (knowledge/culture) and its role in achieving bimaadiziwin (life). story-telling plant medicine knowledge and its role in the management of the chronic disease epidemic and associated morbidities. we learn how disease pathology and why culture is the only appropriate intervention. we will acknowledge various cultural components as unique humans gifts necessary for life: plant medicines, fasting, cold-immersion, heat-immersion, exercise/movement, diet/nutrition. we will focus, of course on the (provided) plant medicines and understanding its mechanism. with us all at a solid understanding of this knowledge (awaadiziwin) and how it is required to achieve life itself (bimaadiziwin) the conversation then, necessarily focuses on the unique human ability to engage in reciprocal relationships with medicines themselves, and our roles and responsibilities to aki, the land. katpasq@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
