http://www.uwindsor.ca/visualarts
soca visual arts skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students soca visual arts in this section undergraduate programs bfa in visual arts (honours) media arts and culture visual arts and the built environment (vabe) master of fine arts programs faculty facilities soca gallery soca room bookings nmpl art safety website arts partners contact us undergraduate programs bfa in visual arts (honours) media arts and culture visual arts and the built environment (vabe) master of fine arts programs faculty facilities soca gallery soca room bookings nmpl art safety website arts partners contact us uwindsor home soca visual arts welcome to soca visual arts welcome to soca visual arts visual art & the built environment: vabe this cross-border program combines the study of art and architecture and offers you the breadth of knowledge and experience in both disciplines. this is a unique program offered by the university of windsor?s school of creative arts in collaboration with the university of detroit mercy?s (udm) school of architecture. digital print lab services include inkjet printing on a large-format epson 9880, an epson 3880 is available to advanced visual arts students. various sheet and roll sizes, as well as types of epson paper are available. also available: a self-serve flat bed scanner; an imac soft-proofing station with calibrated-monitor; and adobe cs5 and nik sharpener pro software. digital video imaging lab computer stations, digital equipment, negative scanners and editing software are available in the dvil. 3d print lab the 3d print lab is a space to explore and expand possibilities in the use of 3d printing in relationship to traditional ways of making, crossing disciplinary boundaries and looking to new understandings. incubator bioart lab incubator hybrid laboratory at the intersection of art, science and ecology is a physical and theoretical hub, a new art/science laboratory at the university of windsor. drawing and painting practical, skill-based training in the studio areas painting and drawing, that also emphasize the critical and theoretical concerns in contemporary art. photography facilities photography works over four lab areas to provide students the opportunity for production in analogue black & white film processing and printing along with digital image processing and printing. the lighting studio further supports student production. media art histories and visual culture the media art histories and visual culture program gives students a critical background to interpret and contextualize the historical legacies of art, media, technology, and the study of cities. course projects focus on the application of historical and theoretical knowledge to projects that investigate the complexity of contemporary culture. make lab our facilities including a fully equipped wood shop and metal fabrication facility. tags: visual arts share tweet save upcoming visual arts events mfa group show - traces mon, 04/11/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - traces tue, 04/12/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - closing reception tue, 04/12/2022 - 14:30 mfa group show - traces wed, 04/13/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - traces thu, 04/14/2022 - 09:00 share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
