https://www.uwindsor.ca/soca/392/songs-scholarship-catherine-mckeever-memorial
songs for a scholarship, catherine mckeever memorial | school of creative arts (soca) skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students school of creative arts (soca) school of creative arts (soca) in this section welcome to soca future soca students music visual arts visual arts and the built environment (vabe) film production, bfa master of fine arts (mfa) soca presents soca gallery mayday group colloquium 33 colloquium 33 conference registration conference committee noiseborder ensemble incubator art lab soca room booking policies soca rooms -booking ga/ta postings in soca sessional postings special instructor job postings songs for a scholarship, catherine mckeever memorial buy tickets armouries construction photos soca armouries restoration wins award welcome to soca future soca students music visual arts visual arts and the built environment (vabe) film production, bfa master of fine arts (mfa) soca presents soca gallery mayday group colloquium 33 colloquium 33 conference registration conference committee noiseborder ensemble incubator art lab soca room booking policies soca rooms -booking ga/ta postings in soca sessional postings special instructor job postings songs for a scholarship, catherine mckeever memorial buy tickets armouries construction photos soca armouries restoration wins award uwindsor home school of creative arts (soca) songs for a scholarship, catherine mckeever memorial songs for a scholarship, catherine mckeever memorial songs for a scholarship! in buddy?s eyes ............ s. sondheim catherine mckeever, bmus 1994, (2011 recital) cecelia mac smith, cathy's sister, tells us about cathy through photos and song wenn mein schatz ...........g. mahler amelia daigle, bmus 2012 in his eyes ............................. f. wildhorn sara fontaine, bma 2009 morgen ..........j. strauss brianna desantis, bhk 2014 on october 3, 2012, the musical world lost catherine mckeever to cancer. cathy was many things to many people. she was a wife, a mother, a sister and an aunt ... but to those of us who were not family, we remember her for her amazing performances as a singer and as a wonderful, caring voice teacher and friend. cathy taught voice at the university of windsor from 1997-2011 so, it was only fitting that a scholarship be established in her name not only to honour her but also to provide financial support to future singers studying at the school of creative arts (soca). in 2013, brianna desantis, one of cathy's former students organized a concert to honour her memory and it became an annual event. this year, due to the pandemic, we have changed the format to an online event. we hope that you will not only enjoy these performances but that you will also make a contribution to the catherine mckeever memorial voice scholarship. each day during the week of october 19 ? 23 we will post a video of a live performance by one of cathy?s former students, cathy?s family, or cathy herself. donate here: to make an online donation to this fund, please visit the secure website: https://src.uwindsor.ca/uwin-donations-app/donations/loadform# under ?designations?, click on the ?other? button and type in ?catherine mckeever scholarship?. please fill out the rest of the required information.? your donation will be automatically designated to the catherine mckeever memorial scholarship. donations over $10 will receive a charitable tax receipt from the university of windsor. share tweet save daily news student ensembles returning to in-person performance in-person performances returning to scholarship competition classical concert boasts campus connections exhibition calls for submissions from disability community fast fashion to come under scrutiny of science and sustainability more upcoming soca events uwindsor jazz cabaret fri, 04/08/2022 - 19:30 mfa group show - traces mon, 04/11/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - traces tue, 04/12/2022 - 09:00 luminous flux ii tue, 04/12/2022 - 14:30 luminous flux ii tue, 04/12/2022 - 14:30 more tweets by uwindsorsoca share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
