https://www.uwindsor.ca/chemical-control-centre/322/spill-response
spill response | chemical control centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students chemical control centre chemical control centre in this section welcome to the ccc safety programs chemical stock room required training research safety committee spill response waste management contact us welcome to the ccc safety programs chemical stock room required training research safety committee spill response waste management contact us uwindsor home chemical control centre spill response spill response hazardous spills can occur anywhere on campus and must be cleaned up immediately in an appropriate and safe manner, to prevent serious environmental and health effects. the university of windsor's chemical control centre has developed a hazardous materials spill response manual that you can follow to determine the best method of cleanup. all spills must be reported to the ccc using a spill incident report form within 24 hours of the incident. if you are unsure how to clean up a spill or it is too large for you to handle on your own contact the ccc for for assistance. for after hour spills please contact campus police at (519) 253-3000 ext. 911. hazardous materials spill response manual (.pdf) spill incident report (.docx) quick references chemical spill quick reference(.pdf) biohazardous material spill quick reference(.pdf) radioactive material spill quick reference (.pdf) training spill response online training spill kits spill kits available for purchase; it is advised that your laboratory should be equipped with the appropriate spill kit for all hazardous present in your laboratory. suggested items that should be present in your spill kit can be found in the links below. if you require refills of any of the materials in your spill kit please submit the request form to the ccc. if the incident is reported within 24hrs of the spill the ccc will replace all materials used to clean up the spill free of charge. chemical spill kit suggested kit contents (.pdf) biological spill kit suggested kit contents (.pdf) radiation spill kit suggested kit contents (.pdf) replenish request form (.docx) note: more specific spill kits are also avaliable from the ccc, upon request. these include, mercury spill kits, and hydrofluoric acid spill kits. contact the chemical control centre if you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. chemical control centre office: b37 essex hall phone: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3523 fax: (519) 973-7013 email: ccc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save resources hazardous materials information system safety data sheets available training available manuals share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
