https://www.uwindsor.ca/alumni/309/scholarships-funding
sponsorship & funding | alumni association skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students alumni association alumni association in this section make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association benefits & services networking multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding communication & engagement funding reunions, special events and alumni weekend student initiative funding program update your information contact us make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association benefits & services networking multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding communication & engagement funding reunions, special events and alumni weekend student initiative funding program update your information contact us uwindsor home alumni association sponsorship & funding sponsorship & funding alumni supported benefits & services for students communications & engagement funding the university of windsor alumni association is proud to support student group organized activities. programs which benefit alumni, students and the uwindsor community, and which are consistent with the association?s mission and values will be considered. this fund supports proposals up to $1,000. applications must meet all criteria in order to be reviewed. click here to link to the application form reunions, special events & alumni week events this fund may support uwindsor alumni events or class reunions for at least 20 people or more. these alumni events can be held on campus, in canada, the united states and internationally to provide an opportunity for alumni to come together. applications must be submitted at least one month prior to event for consideration. we will advise you of the next meeting date upon receipt of your application. successful applicants may receive up to a maximum of $1000 to support their event or class reunion. click here to link to the application form student initiative funding program designed to promote student involvement on campus, the alumni association?s student initiative funding program is geared towards groups, clubs, or societies, but is also open to considering applications from individual students who are looking to make a difference on campus. successful applicants will receive up to a $100 in support of their initiative. since its inception in 2005, the student initiative funding program has supported a number of worthwhile student events. recently supported activities include: nigeria independence day dinner, nigerian student association boo at the u, residence services eid dinner, muslim students association model nato, international relations club forensic science conference african union cultural show, african union acc las vegas party, asian canadian cultural club cba multicultural show, chemistry & biochemistry student association you, your club, or society can benefit from the support of your alumni association for your next campus initiative. it's a matter of pride! to apply for funding? determine if you?re eligible to apply. all alumni and students who are representatives of a recognized university society, group, or club are eligible to apply for funding. in order to consider sponsorship of a program or special project by a group and/or individual, the project must showcase the alumni association and our values: to foster the students? seamless entry in the alumni association. to add significant value to the lives of students and alumni. download and complete the funding application (.doc) submit your completed application for review a minimum of 30 days in advance of the event, project etc. by e-mail to alumni@uwindsor.ca, or by mail to: alumni relations & advancement, university of windsor, windsor, ontario n9b 3p4 share tweet save donate now other university events university players windsor lancers music concerts humanities research group follow us uwindsor alumni instagram uwindsor alumni twitter uwindsor alumni flickr uwindsor twitter uwindsor linkedin uwindsor facebook uwindsor youtube uwindsor app useful links manage uwin account diploma framing transcripts co-op, career and employment services continuing education alumni news grant to help alumna scale literacy programs alum attributes success to strong black male mentorship and ancestral strength university to discontinue google services on april 30 webinar promises info on film funding program uwindsor alumnus named officer of the order of canada more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
