https://future.uwindsor.ca/sport-management-leadership?elqTrackId=3d963467c46f49ba9de956acdc5cdb5b&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=581&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
<iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-m73xp8n" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> sport management and leadership - undergraduate program - university of windsor - windsor, ontario, canada the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students sport management & leadership stay connected apply now ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close sport management & leadership @ uwin experiential learning opportunities co-op, internships, labs and research with professors! unique faculty ? integration of kinesiology and athletics/recreation for more opportunities to get involved program highlights & admission requirements your location canada outside of canada telling us your location makes it easier for us to provide accurate admission requirements. sport management & leadership our direct entry sport management program allows students to enter into sport management right out of high school, so that you can take courses you?re interested in and passionate about right away! our graduates are leaders who have gone on to attain exciting careers throughout the sport industry, including marketing, sales and sponsorship, digital media and public relations, governance and policy, the administration and management of community, provincial, and national sport, and in education, teaching and research. our grads are in demand ? 98% are employed in the first six months after graduation. human kinetics/kinesiology - movement science h t co-op focusing on the ?human? in movement science and active living will provide you with all the tools to become a leader in health and a variety of other industry sectors. you?ll like the family feel of this faculty, and there are lots of opportunities for hands-on learning through co-op, internships, community outreach, and conducting research with our leading scientists in state-of-the-art labs. career tracks: professional school (medicine, pharmacy, dentistry, chiropractor, physiotherapist), registered kinesiologist, ergonomist, sport psychology consultant sample courses: biomechanics, exercise physiology, anatomy, human growth and development, ergonomics, sport psychology, health and wellness admission requirements for applicants in canada course requirements: one of biology/sbi4u, chemistry/sch4u, or physics/sph4u. english/eng4u. minimum average: 75% (70% in grade 12 u english/eng4u and 70% in one of biology/sbi4u, chemistry/sch4u, or physics/sph4u) mean average (entering fall 2019): 83% note: co-op available; apply during year 1 learn more about course equivalencies admission requirements for applicants outside of canada course requirements: one of grade 12 biology, grade 12 chemistry, or grade 12 physics. grade 12 english. minimum average: 75% (70% in grade 12 english and 70% in one of grade 12 biology, grade 12 chemistry, or grade 12 physics) mean average (entering fall 2019): 83% note: co-op available; apply during year 1 learn more about country equivalencies human kinetics/sport management & leadership h t co-op if your passion is sport, recreation and active living, make an impact in the industry with a degree in sport management and leadership! there are many hands-on learning opportunities in the form of co-op, internships, simulations, research, and community outreach. we prepare you to deliver sports programs, execute events, operate facilities, market sport to participant and spectator audiences, and more. our faculty will provide the networking opportunities for you to become a leader in the sport industry. career tracks: sport events co-ordinator, sport marketing manager, recreation supervisor, sport journalist/broadcaster, executive director of a national or provincial/territorial sport organization sample courses: principles of sport management, ethics in sport, sport marketing, sport event management, sport finance, sociology of sport, sport history admission requirements for applicants in canada course requirements: one of advanced functions/mhf4u, calculus & vectors/mcv4u, or math of data management/mdm4u. english/eng4u. minimum average: 75% (70% in grade 12 u english/eng4u) note: co-op available; apply during year 1 learn more about course equivalencies admission requirements for applicants outside of canada course requirements: one of grade 12 advanced functions, grade 12 calculus & vectors, or grade 12 math of data management. grade 12 english. minimum average: 75% (70% in grade 12 english) note: co-op available; apply during year 1 learn more about country equivalencies co-op co-op available g general 3-year program h honours 4-year program t thesis available c combined honours programs available stay connected apply now get a human kinetics brochure sent straight to your inbox learn about faculty highlights, programs and student stories. get yours now "i chose human kinetics at windsor because growing up i was always passionate about sports, and dreamed of one day working in the industry. once i arrived and started classes, i realized the potential to achieve my dreams, and never looked back. my recommendation for current students is to go get experience and make connections! volunteer for events, connect with people on linkedin, and never be afraid to apply for a job, even if you don?t think you?re qualified. building your resume and your network will only help you later on!" jeremy hick bhk in kinesiology - sport management major [2017] connect with sport management & leadership visit department stay connected follow this department on: what will i learn? understanding sport management and leadership concepts and theories to address current social, cultural, and organizational issues in sport and recreation planning, communicating, and delivering sport-related events and initiatives to engage with sport industry partners and our community devising, administering, and evaluating marketing, financial, organizational and operational plans in sport and recreation informed by the latest research conducting research using appropriate methodologies; critically appraising and evaluating research findings read more explore your opportunities career tracks coach communications specialist community engagement coordinator corporate partnerships manager data analyst digital content coordinator facility manager fan experience supervisor games and events coordinator journalist corporate partnerships manager policy analyst professor program director public relations consultant recreation manager research assistant sport administrator sport marketing manager social media manager sponsorship executive sport development coordinator teacher ticket and sales manager experiences academics experience career first year review degree course requirements meet with the kinesiology undergraduate coordinator to discuss your academic journey receive peer support and mentorship from kin one leaders attend kin one skills workshops begin taking courses required as pre-requisites for graduate/professional school middle years look into completing an individual or thesis research project in the final two years hip consider signing up for the outdoor recreation course to explore algonquin park in your final year hip seek out internships and courses that offer field experience hip attend a degree requirements info session to ensure you understand your progress towards degree completion final year meet with the kinesiology undergraduate coordinator to go over degree requirements complete all required courses for your degree apply to graduate through uwinsite student portal work with a faculty member on a research project or publication hip take a field work or internship course to culminate your senior experience hip previous previous next next first year explore available upper-year kinesiology internships and field placements hip apply for co-op in the winter semester to begin first work term in second year hip investigate research opportunities as part of the outstanding scholars program hip research student exchange opportunities for middle years in such locations as australia, belgium, and the uk hip attend career information sessions held by human kinetics alumni join a club like the hk student society, kin one or uwsa attend the annual kinesiology research day hip participate in the bystander initiative workshop to gain skills that will help you be an effective and supportive ally to prevent sexual assault on campus apply for a co-curricular experience such as vip - community service learning middle years join a professional association in your field such as the ontario kinesiology association, association of canadian ergonomists, or the north american society for sport management participate in the uwill discover undergraduate research conference hip volunteer in a faculty research lab in areas such as biomechanics, sport psychology, motor control, physiology, and sport management hip become involved with kin one to help first-year students become oriented with the program apply for student exchange hip expand your skills by taking a summer, part-time or volunteer position look for a leadership role in a club or society attend the annual kinesiology research day hip look for volunteer opportunities in athletics and recreation (e.g. student athletic therapist, varsity team manager) final year conduct field research with faculty member hip become a tutor for kin one and students offering support (sos) hip gain valuable field experience through the outdoor recreation course hip attend a career information session held by human kinetics alumni join the uwindsor kinesiology team to compete at the nationwide kinesiology games competition attend the annual kinesiology research day hip previous previous next next first year start planning your career by making a list of things you enjoy, your skills and areas where you excel meet with the kinesiology undergraduate coordinator and a career advisor in career development and experiential learning (cdel) for help developing a plan for your future years consider a career exploration program appointment to help you identify possible career paths get involved with a part-time job, volunteer opportunity, campus group, or research assistantship attend cdel workshops to learn how to find a summer or part-time job and write a university-level resum? chat with an advisor during cdel's drop in hours to get answers to your career and job search questions take required courses and check in with the kinesiology undergraduate coordinator to make sure you are meeting your degree requirements middle years make an appointment with the kinesiology undergraduate coordinator and a career advisor in career development and experiential learning (cdel) to explore career options explore further educational opportunities by attending the graduate and professional schools fair and researching admission requirements for programs that interest you take part in informational interviews and join online communities like linkedin and ten thousand coffees to connect with people in your targeted profession or industry search job postings to learn what skills, knowledge, and credentials you will need for potential careers explore opportunities and meet potential employers by participating in job shadow experience, job fairs, and industry networking events final year if you are considering applying to graduate or professional school, be aware of early application deadlines meet with the kinesiology undergraduate coordinator and a career advisor in career development and experiential learning (cdel) to prepare application documents like a resum?, cover letter, cv, or personal statement for jobs and education programs you are applying to attend cdel's workshops on interview skills and job search strategies set up a mock interview with a career advisor for professional school or job applications compose a portfolio of relevant academic and work experience take part in recruitment events and job fairs hosted by cdel and other organizations previous previous next next high-impact practices (hip) a hip is an enriching educational experience that can be life-changing and often includes learning outside of the classroom while encouraging meaningful interaction and collaboration. stay connected apply now learn more sign up to receive more information about the university of windsor and this program! learn more related programs kinesiology-movement science apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions ? let's talk about sport management & leadership ? let's talk about sport management & leadership we?re here to help you along the way. contact us to learn more about our program options. first name* last name* email address* by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close close ? sign-up for a digital copy of our viewbook ? sign-up for a digital copy of our viewbook our viewbook provides an overview of everything you need to know about the university of windsor; we?ve got you covered from orientation to graduation. first name email address* country* please selectcanadaunited statesafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahrainbangladeshbelarusbelgiumbelizebhutanbolivarian republic of venezuelaboliviabosnia and herzegovinabotswanabrazilbrunei darussalambulgariacambodiacameroonchilecolombiacongo the dem. republic ofcosta ricac?te d?ivoirecroatiacubaczech republicdenmarkdominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadoreritreaestoniaethiopiafaroe islandsfinlandfrancegeorgiagermanygreecegreenlandguatemalahaitihondurashong kong s.a.r.hungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandislamic republic of pakistanisraelitalyjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakuwaitkyrgyzstanlao p.d.r.latvialebanonlibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacao s.a.r.macedonia (fyrom)malaysiamaldivesmalimaltamexicomoldovamongoliamontenegromoroccomyanmarnepalnetherlandsnew zealandnicaraguanigerianorwayomanpanamaparaguaychinaperuphilippinespolandportugalprincipality of monacopuerto ricoqatarr?unionromaniarussiarwandasaudi arabiasenegalserbiasingaporeslovakiasloveniasomaliasouth africaspainsri lankaswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistanthailandtrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanu.a.e.ukraineunited kingdomuruguayuzbekistanvietnamyemenzimbabwealand islandsandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaarubabahamasbarbadosbeninbermudabouvet islandbrit/indian ocean terr.burkina fasoburundicape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscomoroscook islandscyprusdjiboutidominicaequatorial guineafalkland islandsfijifrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern terr.gabongambiagibraltargrenadaguadeloupeguamguineaguinea-bissauguyanaheard/mcdonald isls.kiribatikorea (north)korea (south)lesotholiberiamadagascarmalawimarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemicronesiamozambiquen. mariana isls.namibianaurunetherlands antillesnew caledonianigerniuenorfolk islandpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpapua new guineapitcairnsaint kitts and nevissaint luciasamoasan marinosao tome/principeseychellessierra leonesolomon islandsst. helenast. pierre and miquelonst. vincent and grenadinessudansurinamesvalbard/jan mayen isls.swazilandtanzaniatimor-lestetogotokelautongaturks/caicos isls.tuvaluugandavanuatuvatican cityvirgin islands (british)virgin islands (u.s.)wallis/futuna isls.western saharazambiaisle of manjerseysaint-barthelemysouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudan want a physical copy mailed right to your front door? by submitting this form, you are giving your consent for the university of windsor to contact you regarding our educational programs and services. you may unsubscribe at any time. close contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
