http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/tags/spotlight-graduate-research
spotlight on graduate research | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews uwindsor home dailynews spotlight on graduate research computer science professor christie ezeife is working on a research project to apply artificial intelligence to database search. researchers seek to employ artificial intelligence to customize information search jan 6th, 2022 computer science professor christie ezeife and doctoral student abdulrauf gidado are working to apply artificial intelligence to database search. tags: christie ezeife abdulrauf gidado spotlight on graduate research master?s student iulia niculescu is studying how our moods affect what?s called prospective memory ? the ability to remember and carry out in the future an intention formed in the past. study delves into why we forget to do things dec 8th, 2021 why do we forget to do things? master?s student iulia niculescu is studying how our moods affect prospective memory. tags: iulia niculescu kristoffer romero spotlight on graduate research phd student mitchell dipasquale is using synthetic membranes to study the physical effects of vaping and e-cigarettes. award to fund doctoral research into e-cigarettes aug 30th, 2021 phd student mitchell dipasquale is using synthetic membranes to study the physical effects of vaping and e-cigarettes. tags: mitchell dipasquale drew marquardt spotlight on graduate research doctoral student mai ghannam won the probability section presentation award at the statistical society of canada?s 2021 meeting. research presentation wins national notice for stats student jul 6th, 2021 doctoral student mai ghannam won the probability section presentation award at the statistical society of canada?s 2021 meeting. tags: mai ghannam s?v?rien nkurunziza spotlight on graduate research professor krista chandler and phd student frank ely are part of a research team that created a psychological skills training program for para athletes. psychological skills resources provide support for para athletes may 10th, 2021 researchers from the faculty of human kinetics have created a psychological skills training program for para athletes. tags: krista chandler todd loughead frank ely mark lubrick spotlight on graduate research master?s student danielle salters is leading research with kinesiology professor sara scharoun benson into attitudes toward inclusive physical education. the project focuses on teachers in training. study focuses on attitudes toward physical education that includes children with disabilities apr 22nd, 2021 mhk student danielle salters is leading research with professor sara scharoun benson into attitudes toward inclusive physical education. tags: danielle salters sara scharoun benson spotlight on graduate research chelsea salter is studying how bacteria in point pelee sand can break down toxins before they contaminate the residents? drinking water. microbes may hold the key to degrading toxic algal blooms mar 10th, 2021 chelsea salter is studying how bacteria in point pelee sand can break down toxins before they contaminate the residents? drinking water. tags: chelsea salter chris weisener great lakes institute for environmental research spotlight on graduate research windsor law llm students in the research methods class are examining the impact of covid-19 on the university experience. law students examining impact of covid-19 on uwindsor experience jan 27th, 2021 windsor law llm students in the research methods class are examining the impact of covid-19 on the university experience. tags: spotlight on graduate research laverne jacobs the graduate education research conference is accepting proposals from grad students in any discipline on the theme ?the changing face of education.? conference to explore grad research in education jan 27th, 2021 the graduate education research conference is accepting proposals from grad students in any discipline on the theme ?the changing face of education.? tags: spotlight on graduate research phd candidate zach gayk and his field assistant observe wood warblers migrating along the coast of lake superior. birds that migrate together whistle the same tune, study finds jan 26th, 2021 a study published today in the journal evolution suggests that similar flight calls enable cross-species communication between migratory birds. tags: zach gayk dan mennill spotlight on graduate research 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? next ? share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
