https://engageuwindsor.ca/steering-committee
steering committee
 | engage uwindsor
 our website uses cookies cookies help us to understand how you use our website so that we can provide you with the best experience when you are on our site. to find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy. manage cookies a cookie is information stored on your computer by a website you visit. cookies often store your settings for a website, such as your preferred language or location. this allows the site to present you with information customized to fit your needs. as per the gdpr law, companies need to get your explicit approval to collect your data. some of these cookies are ?strictly necessary? to provide the basic functions of the website and can not be turned off, while others if present, have the option of being turned off. learn more about our privacy and cookie policies. these can be managed also from our cookie policy page. strictly necessary cookies(always on): necessary for enabling core functionality. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. this cannot be turned off. e.g. sign in, language analytics cookies: analytical cookies help us to analyse user behaviour, mainly to see if the users are able to find and act on things that they are looking for. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. tools used: google analytics manage cookies social media cookies: we use social media cookies from facebook, twitter and google to run widgets, embed videos, posts, comments and to fetch profile information. manage cookies i'm ok with that manage cookies cancel ? ? skip to skip to skip to content jump to navigation search page outlines loading... ie10 and below are not supported. google chrome mozilla firefox contact us for any help on browser support you are here: home steering committee some content on this page may not display correctly. please enable javascript in your browser's settings and refresh the page. steering committee strategic planning steering committee members robert gordon president?and vice-chancellor?(chair) patricia weir interim provost and vice president, academic (vice-chair) johnathan allison vice-president, rbc wealth management/dominion securities (university of windsor board chair) nick baker director, office of open learning (provost?s council representative) clinton beckford interim vice-president, equity, diversity and inclusion tirupati bolisetti professor, civil and environmental engineering (faculty senate representative) dave bussiere associate professor, odette school of business (faculty senate representative) edward cruz assistant professor, nursing (faculty member at-large) jasleen dayal president, university of windsor student alliance (uswa representative) catherine febria assistant professor, integrative biology and tier 2 canada research chair (faculty member at-large) tiffany gooch executive lead - public engagement & communications, peel district school board (university of windsor board member) dolores handsor exam and scheduling administrator, office of the registrar and chairperson, unifor local 2458 (ft) (unionized staff employee group representative) gillian heisz associate vice-president, finance anna lanoszka president, windsor university faculty association (wufa representative) dorothy leung registered nurse, pharmacist, owner/shoppers drug mart (alumni?representative) rebecca major assistant professor, political science (indigenous faculty representative) diana marion vice-president, organization of part-time university students (opus representative) rakesh naidu ceo, windsor-essex economic development corporation (industry/business partner representative) adam pillon president, graduate student society (gss representative) heather pratt executive director, research and innovation services jessica sartori ceo, john mcgivney children?s centre (community representative) charlene senn professor, psychology and tier 1 canada research chair (faculty member at-large) anneke smit associate professor, law (faculty member at-large) edwin tam acting associate vice-president, academic?(chair, planning committee) marium?tolson-murtty director, anti-racism organizational change ren?e trombley executive director, public affairs and communications bill van heyst dean, faculty of engineering?(deans? council representative) emily varga phd candidate, research assistant, graduate assistant and president, cupe local 4580 (unionized staff employee group representative) rosemary? zanutto executive director, institutional analysis
