https://engageuwindsor.ca/strategic-planning-survey-prize-list
strategic planning survey prize list
 | engage uwindsor
 our website uses cookies cookies help us to understand how you use our website so that we can provide you with the best experience when you are on our site. to find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy. manage cookies a cookie is information stored on your computer by a website you visit. cookies often store your settings for a website, such as your preferred language or location. this allows the site to present you with information customized to fit your needs. as per the gdpr law, companies need to get your explicit approval to collect your data. some of these cookies are ?strictly necessary? to provide the basic functions of the website and can not be turned off, while others if present, have the option of being turned off. learn more about our privacy and cookie policies. these can be managed also from our cookie policy page. strictly necessary cookies(always on): necessary for enabling core functionality. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. this cannot be turned off. e.g. sign in, language analytics cookies: analytical cookies help us to analyse user behaviour, mainly to see if the users are able to find and act on things that they are looking for. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. tools used: google analytics manage cookies social media cookies: we use social media cookies from facebook, twitter and google to run widgets, embed videos, posts, comments and to fetch profile information. manage cookies i'm ok with that manage cookies cancel ? ? skip to skip to skip to content jump to navigation search page outlines loading... ie10 and below are not supported. google chrome mozilla firefox contact us for any help on browser support you are here: home strategic planning survey prize list some content on this page may not display correctly. please enable javascript in your browser's settings and refresh the page. strategic planning survey prize list strategic planning survey prize list after completing the survey, participants were provided a choice to enter a random draw. the available prizes in each prize category are: two (2) available: apple ipad, 10.2-inch, 64gb, 9th generation, approximate value: $429.00 cad. one (1) available: biblioasis mystery box (5 different 2022 novels) from biblioasis (approximate value: $100.00 cad) one (1) available: $100 cad gift card to devonshire mall one (1) available: ?easy like sunday morning? gift box from fin & vin gifting co. (approximate value: $75.00 cad) one (1) available: $50.00 cad gift card to ani & fabi baking kits one (1) available: $25.00 cad gift card to windsor kabob house one (1) available: $25.00 cad gift card to giglio?s market one (1) available: $25.00 cad gift card to lickety splitz one (1) available: $25.00 cad gift card to turbo coffee one (1) available: $25.00 cad gift card to syd?s sandwich co. one (1) available: $25.00 cad gift card to whiskeyjack boutique ten (10) available: $20.00 cad gift card to whamburg ten (10) available: $10.00 cad gift card to starbucks for students: two (2) available: $500.00 cad scholarship to the university of windsor, to be applied to uwin account or other method, procedures, and policies used to disburse scholarships. this prize may only be used towards tuition fees at the university of windsor. this prize is non-refundable, non-transferable, cannot be converted into cash. for faculty and staff: one (1) available: a coffee break for the winner?s team or department prepared by catering services, to be offered when health and safety conditions permit. the approximate value will depend on the number of people in the winner?s department or team. click here for official random draw rules - university of windsor strategic planning survey random draw
