https://www.uwindsor.ca/enrolment-management/321/strategic-initiatives
strategic initiatives | strategic enrolment management skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students strategic enrolment management strategic enrolment management in this section home about history sem plan sem governance strategic initiatives reports & data contact us home about history sem plan sem governance strategic initiatives reports & data contact us uwindsor home strategic enrolment management strategic initiatives strategic initiatives supporting international students the current global pandemic has made this time very challenging for all of us, but especially for international students who are facing unique trials right now as a result of the pandemic, including travel restrictions and stressors associated with obtaining a study permit, paying for their studies in canada, or being isolated from their support network and families. we are committed to support our uwindsor international lancer family, even when we are required to be physically distant from one another. to address these challenges, we have developed three distinctive initiatives to help our international students: 1. international student emergency relief fund we are committing an additional $500,000 to our international student emergency relief fund. this fund will support international students in canada who are facing financial hardship though lost wages and work as the result of the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic. this fund provides one-time payments up to $2,500 for eligible international students. international students are encouraged to apply by submitting a uwin award application available at: uwin award application 2. ignite international we recognize that international students are eager to gain canadian work experience, which has become exceptionally challenging as the result of the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic. to address this problem, we are increasing the number of opportunities for international students to participate in ignite, our on-campus paid experiential learning and skills development program. participants apply their skills and knowledge in an authentic work setting and are exposed to workplace demands; develop career-related competencies; and receive direct supervision, mentorship, and feedback by one or more faculty or staff members. international students can learn more about ignite online at: ignite work study 3. supporting co-operative education for international students co-operative education is a bridge between employers, students and the university and benefits everyone involved. co-op allows students to participate in valuable learning experiences, an opportunity to expand their knowledge and to practice the latest theories and approaches in a particular discipline, develop employment skills, and explore career options - all helping prepare them for the next stage of their lives. as a result of the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic many co-operative education placements have disappeared. to address this fact, we are providing financial support to faculties and departments to provide on-campus co-operative education placements for eligible international students who cannot secure a placement in the marketplace. for more information or to learn more about co-operative education at uwindsor, please see: coop, workplace, and partnerships for more information, please contact: office of enrolment management university of windsor avpem@uwindsor.ca future.uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
