https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/422/students-health-safety
students - health & safety protocols | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for students return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for students students - health & safety protocols students - health & safety protocols the health and safety of all uwindsor students, faculty and staff is a top priority. if feeling unwell, stay home. visit the reporting an illness page to learn more. while it is the university of windsor's goal to bring our community back together to learn, teach, work, collaborate and socialize on-campus once again, it will do so while remaining flexible and in adherence to public health guidelines and protocols. is uwindsor's campus safe? throughout the pandemic, a robust and proven student intake plan and safety protocols across campus served to mitigate the spread of covid-19. the uwindsor campus remains a friendly and safe place where you'll feel at home. for students living on-campus, residence life staff are highly trained to provide a supportive and safe environment to assist first-year students with transitional and student issues. residence life staff are frequently the first point of contact for residence students and provide a sense of belonging and safety. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
