https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentawards/problem-resolution
student problem resolution process | student awards and financial aid skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student awards and financial aid student awards and financial aid in this section home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in home about us contact us covid-19 updates student awards financial aid financial hardship assistance enriched academy - financial literacy financial aid steps financial aid definitions financial aid timelines scholarships and bursaries convocation awards osap part-time students out of province financial aid us federal student aid financial aid presentations ignite (work study) student problem resolution use of personal info. student support services covid19 updates registrars office student accounts office graduate studies office office of student experience student wellness good2talk helpline uwinsite student log-in follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home student awards and financial aid student problem resolution process student problem resolution process what do you do if you have a concern regarding your financial aid? concerns regarding osap (ontario student assistance program) eligibility and assessment process osap uses standard assessment criteria in the assessment of osap eligibility. there are certain student, spousal and parental situations that can be reviewed by the student awards and financial office on an exception basis. please note that not all exceptions can be considered but to find out about the circumstances which can be considered, students can visit our osap appeal information page. go to: osap appeal information appeal/review outlines are listed by category. student must pay close attention to which student status the review applies to and the conditions which must exist for that appeal/review to be considered. if a student determines that there is no standard appeal/review option that covers their situation, they should provide an initial letter to the attention of the financial aid administrator outlining their situation or they can contact the student awards & financial aid office to arrange for an appointment to discuss their situation. the student would then be provided instructions as to how they may go about having their situation reviewed if appropriate. concerns regarding eligibility for the university of windsor in - course bursary program. eligibility for the above noted programs is based on a student?s osap eligibility. if a student has been denied funding through the university of windsor in-course bursary program, a student may appeal their denial by providing a letter of explanation/rationale as to any extenuating circumstances that they may have requiring a further review of their eligibility. any requests for a further review should be accompanied by supporting documentation. a student?s cover letter must clearly identify the program that they are requesting a review of their eligibility for, must be clearly written, and must be signed by the student and dated. appeal outline for in-course bursary denial concerns regarding the service received by the student awards & financial aid office staff. if a student has concerns regarding the level of service that have they received from any member of the student awards & financial aid office staff, their concerns may be noted in writing and forwarded to the director in the student awards & financial aid office. a student?s letter of concern must contain the following information: date that the incident took place (and approximate time if possible); name of staff person (if known); the situation that was being discussed or addressed by the student and staff; the nature of the student concern; letter must be signed by the student and dated; appropriate return address in order to direct a response. if a student does not wish to address their concern to the director, student awards & financial aid, the student may direct their concern as outlined above to: gillian heisz associate vice-president, financial reporting and accounting room 418a chrysler hall tower dr. phebe lam acting associate vice president, office of student experience room 117 caw student centre requesting a copy of documentation previously submitted in support of the application for osap, in-course bursary or work study assistance. a student may request a copy of information that they have provided contained within their osap, bursary or work study file, provided that there is no third party reference material. a student may also request any other documentation contained within their file that is specific to their dealings with the student awards & financial aid office. requests must be made in writing, must be signed and dated by the student with the appropriate reference information. if it is determined that the student awards & financial aid office staff are unable to satisfy a student?s request for information, the student may contact the freedom of information and protection of privacy office: mr. richard taylor information and privacy coordinator room 1165 chrysler hall north services available: phone you may reach our office at: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3300 service effective march 28, 2022: monday, tuesday & friday: 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. wednesday & thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.; 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. email please direct your initial question to ask.uwindsor.ca as there may be a knowledge base article that may answer your question. in order to better assist you, always please include your uwindsor student number in your communications. students should complete their uwinaward student application/profile via uwinsite student > student homepage > award profile to be matched with eligible funding opportunities. additional information for domestic students who are experiencing financial hardship. additional information for international students who are experiencing financial hardship. sending in documents documents may be faxed, sent as an attachment through ask.uwindsor.ca, placed in our drop-box located in the lobby of cht or mailed to: student awards & financial aid university of windsor 401 sunset ave. cht room 102 windsor, on n9h 1g3 fax: (519) 973-7087 https://ask.uwindsor.ca/ visit us to visit the student awards & financial aid office, the following steps must be taken: 1) complete the safe lancer app to receive your green approved badge. for additional information on the protocols that are in place to visit the campus in person, click here. information on the 'return to campus' procedures and 'vaccination policy' can be found on the university of windsor website https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/. if you do not have a green badge, you can't visit us in person and you will need to address your issue using one of our remote services available. 2) proceed to campus only if you have completed the safe lancer app and have an approved badge. access to chrysler hall tower is available by entering through the north doors of chyrsler hall north, facing the leddy library parking lot or, with a student id access card, via the main doors to chrysler hall tower, on monday - thursday, between the hours of 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 3) remember, students may drop off documents in our drop-box located in the lobby of chrylser hall tower and do not need to get in the queue to complete this task. 4) be sure that you have government issued photo id or your uwin id card. we will not be able to serve you in person if you don't have proper identification. 5) once you are cleared to visit the campus, scan the qr code below using a mobile device or click on the qr code. use our queing system to register and to place yourself in our virtual line in order to visit the office for in-person service related to your government financial aid file, scholarships or bursaries. we are available for in-person service during the following hours: safa service hours: day open close monday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm tuesday 1:00 pm 4:00 pm wednesday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm thursday 9:00 am 12:00 pm 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm friday ----- ------ remote services only. book an appointment if you feel that you need to talk to someone about your situation, please take the following steps: 1) try asking your question using https://ask.uwindsor.ca. we have many knowledge base articles that might be able to assit you with you question. 2) log in to https://ask.uwindsor.ca to submit a service request and a student awards or financial aid representative will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. 3) call our office during our phone service hours. a student award or financial aid representative may be able to resolve your issue over the phone. 4) if options 1) through 3) do not resolve your issue, through option 2) or 3), we will schedule you a virtual teams meeting/appointment with a student awards or financial aid specialist for a time that is mutually convenient. drop-in sessions/uwinaward profile/application uwinaward profile/application support here is the schedule for our virtual drop-in sessions available for students who require assistance with their uwinaward profile/application for bursary and scholarship applications. ______________________________________________________ general support for the week of january 10th, we will be hosting 4 drop-in sessions to answers general financial aid related inquiries to assist students with any questions that they may have regarding regarding winter 2022 financial aid. prospective students who have questions about financial aid availability for the 2022-23 are also encouraged to attend. the schedule for these drop-in sessions can be found here. important notes: we will attempt to return messages and service requests within 2 business days where possible. in september, january & may however, our response time may be closer to 7-10 business days. please do not leave/send multiple messages/emails as this will delay our response time. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter financial aid deadlines 2021-2022 financial aid deadlines 2020-2021 financial aid deadlines canada revenue agency students and income tax guide resources students & filing income tax forms and guides for students helpful videos for students international students financial aid news & updates impact of alternative grading system on osap it is recognized that dropping or withdrawing from course(s) may be necessary to avoid academic standing issues. if you are receiving student financial aid, dropping or withdrawing from course(s) could have both immediate, and future financial implications. prior to dropping or withdrawing from course(s), ensure you understand the impact to your financial aid eligibility and assessment. contact the student awards and financial aid office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform for further details. impact of alternative grading system on scholarship renewal for renewable scholarship eligibility, students must remain registered in a minimum *60% course load each semester (*covid exception policy for 2020/21 and 2021/22 academic years) and maintain the minimum cumulative average required for their respective awards. if you are considering either the pass/no pass or voluntary withdrawal (vwc) option as outlined in the recent email regarding the alternative grading system, you may wish to submit a service request to our office via the ask.uwindsor.ca platform to discuss the possible impact on your scholarship renewal eligibility. share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
