https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentcounselling/
student counselling centre | student health, counselling and wellness skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student health, counselling and wellness student health, counselling and wellness in this section home counselling book an appointment group therapy and support groups confidentiality and privacy our team need help now supporting students health services wellness home counselling book an appointment group therapy and support groups confidentiality and privacy our team need help now supporting students health services wellness uwindsor home student health, counselling and wellness student counselling centre student counselling centre please note: during the current covid-19 pandemic, your health and safety remain our number one priority. the student counselling centre is following the university of windsor?s emergency academic plan. appointments are available for registered students remotely, via secure video conference or telephone, or in-person. what is the student counselling centre? many students find counselling a helpful way to deal with difficult situations and feelings. whether you are experiencing a situational problem, an immediate crisis, or have a longstanding mental health concern, we are here to help. our professional staff includes licensed psychologists, clinical social workers, and registered psychotherapists, as well as graduate student staff completing their degrees in a mental health field, and new professionals working toward licensure. the student counselling centre (scc) is a space where registered students can access confidential mental health services at no additional cost to them. we are committed to creating a welcoming, supportive space.? for those whose experiences of marginalization and oppression that may add extra layers to your distress ? you and all your identities are welcome here. our core values the staff of the student counselling centre is dedicated to affirming respect, compassion, and acceptance for all. we prioritize making sure that our clients feel safe, comfortable, and heard in session. we celebrate and support diversity with regard to all backgrounds and identities; including but not limited to ethnic, racial, and cultural backgrounds; language; mental health; sexuality, gender, neurodiversity, physical ability; body size; age; religious and spiritual beliefs; and others. we recognize that prejudice and discrimination exist and continue to marginalize and oppress people everywhere. we also understand that our staff are human beings; and as such are not immune to the culture and social structures of our society. we are continually working through our own biases, privilege, and identities. we may make mistakes, and we commit to transparency and striving to do better. as your therapists, our role is to meet you where you are, support you and affirm, value, and celebrate what makes you unique. need help now? if you are concerned about your own safety or another person's safety, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. if you are experiencing a crisis you can also call a crisis support line. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
