https://www.uwindsor.ca/kinesiology/933/student-satisfaction
student satisfaction survey 2020 | kinesiology skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk top kinesiology undergraduate back to kinesiology main page about kinesiology news & events undergraduate programs of study admission requirements course descriptions scholarships student support services first year - kinone transferring to kinesiology faq undergraduate handbook student satisfaction online forms graduate our students our faculty and staff research job opportunities alumni experiential learning social media apply to kinesiology faculty of human kinetics anti-racism subcommittee back to kinesiology main page about kinesiology news & events undergraduate programs of study admission requirements course descriptions scholarships student support services first year - kinone transferring to kinesiology faq undergraduate handbook student satisfaction online forms graduate our students our faculty and staff research job opportunities alumni experiential learning social media apply to kinesiology faculty of human kinetics anti-racism subcommittee uwindsor home kinesiology top undergraduate student satisfaction survey 2020 student satisfaction survey 2020 every three years, the university invites students in their first and final years to take part in the national survey of student engagement (nsse), where students share their perceptions of what?s happening in and out of class, what engages them, what works ? and what needs work. in spring 2017, they responded in unprecedented numbers, owing to the joint efforts of faculty, staff, and the students themselves. this past year marked another 3 year period and it was time for the next survey. the 2020 resuts are in and we are happy to report that the latest result reinforce what we saw in 2017 and in many cases exceeded our numbers. in 2020 our students participated at an overwhelming 86% response rate, representing more that 16% of all data collected from 8 comparative programs province-wide. here are some of the highlights for 2020: 88% of first year students rated their overall experience as either ?excellent? or ?good? first year hk students exceeded the provincial average in comparable programs by %15 in service-learning involvement, with 65% indicating they had been involved in service learning activities during their first year. 98% of first year students reported that hk challenges themselves to do their bests with 66% giving the highest response possible (22% above the provincial average of comparative programs in this category) hk exceeded the provincial averages across all perceived gains in knowledge, skill and personal development by over 5%, either matching or exceeding the provincial average in comparable programs in 7 out of 8 categories. 86% of senior students indicated that hk contributed to their ability to work effectively with others ?very much? or ?quite a bit? 85% of senior students indicated that hk contributed to their ability to think critically and analytically with others ?very much? or ?quite a bit? 80% of senior students indicated that hk contributed to their ability to write clearly and effectively with others ?very much? or ?quite a bit? ? 8% above comparable programs across the province senior students indicated that hk contributed to their acquisition of job or work-related knowledge and skills ?very much? or ?quite a bit? 7% above comparable programs across the province 86% of first-year students found they were able to connect ideas from their courses to prior experiences and knowledge ? 12% above comparable programs province wide 82% first-year students indicated that instructors taught courses in an organized way ? 11% higher than comparable programs province wide 90% of first year students indicated they felt comfortable being themselves in our program 81% of first year students reported they felt valued and like part of the community ? well above the average of provincial comparators the images below highlight some of our results from 2017- click to enlarge: share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
