https://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/358/student-services
student services | faculty of graduate studies skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news faculty of graduate studies current students current students winter term 2022 updates covid-19 updates important dates registration, policies, and regulations student services propel graduate professional development tuition fees funding and employment uwinsite student student forms theses, dissertations, and major papers current students faq graduation three minute thesis competition ontario three minute thesis competition ontario visiting graduate student current students winter term 2022 updates covid-19 updates important dates registration, policies, and regulations student services propel graduate professional development tuition fees funding and employment uwinsite student student forms theses, dissertations, and major papers current students faq graduation three minute thesis competition ontario three minute thesis competition ontario visiting graduate student follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home faculty of graduate studies current students student services student services note: some student services listed below may not be available for in-person visits or phone calls - visit their website for details.for the latest information about the university of windsor's response to the covid-19 pandemic, visit uwindsor together: return to campus life and community. questions to the faculty of graduate studies staff should be directed to the appropriate faculty of graduate studies staff staff member via email. the faculty of graduate studies and office of quality assurance is proud to provide several serivces to our currently registered full-time and part-time students that extend beyond the classroom or the lab. we prioritize student health and wellness, engagment, and professional development to ensure students have the tools and foundation to succeed in their academic, personal, and professional lives. these services are free of charge to registered students and are offered across the faculty regardless of program or placement. be sure to check with the academic department you belong to for specialized services. graduate student counselling services the faculty of graduate studies features our own embedded (in-house) counsellor that graduate students may make confidential one-on-one appointments to help cope more effectively with both short-term and long-term difficult/stressful situations. we exercise a variety of counselling approaches, including solution-focused therapy (sft) and mindfulness resilience training. we have the clinical expertise and the most up-to-date therapeutic tools to point you toward high-level personal and academic achievement. we will assess your situation and provide you with psycho-education with the goal of assigning you a personal counselling program that will work for you. to book an appointment with our counsellor, please call the student counselling centre 519-253-3000 x 4616. to learn more about student counselling services, including rules and regulations, please visit the student counselling centre's website. after hours counselling services: keep.mesafe by guard.me: an online and telephone counselling service offered for international students. you will be connected with an advisor who: speaks your language understands your culture keeps your information confidential is available 24/7 and at no cost to you the free my ssp app can be downloaded from the apple app store and the google play store for android devices. alternatively, you may call in at 1-844-451-9700. for more information, visit www.keepmesafe.org. note: international students are still able and encouraged to make an appointment with suzanne for in-person counselling. good2talk: students (domestic or international) should also consider the good2talk 24 hour student helpline at 1-866-925-5454 need more information? visit: https://www.uwindsor.ca/wellness for more great campus mental health initatives. bounce back bounce back is a program designed to support students who are struggling to find success during their post-secondary experience, and will run weekly for 8 weeks, starting in the winter semester. this program takes a holistic approach to student success. the program will focus on ways to increase your academic performance through effective learning strategies (i.e. time management, essay and exam preparation, etc.) but is also attentive to the other factors that can pose difficulties to first-year students (i.e. social adjustment, stress, mental health, etc.). bounce back is right for you if you: want someone to listen to you need help sorting out next steps are struggling in your program feel alone, stuck, or stressed didn't enjoy first semester want help from someone who knows what it's like to be student right now, as well as benefit from professional staff support bounce back can help with: setting and achieving goals. prioritizing and motivation. getting connected to people and groups on campus. improving problem-solving skills. figuring out what's expected. if you would like to register for bounce back, please visit www.uwindsor.ca/bounceback for more information. career advising and professional development our goal is to prepare you for your future which means making you career ready! whether you're going to be seeking a career in an academic field or in the private sector, we want to ensure you have the tools you need to succeed. to achieve this mandate we offer several professional development services facilitated by our career advisor. the career advisor can help you with your career-related questions, including: resume/cover letter/cv writing job searching interview prep linkedin profile critiquing help with deciding what career steps to take next questions about navigating the labour market any other career-related questions you may have location: grad studies (3rd floor of chrysler hall tower, room 313) times: mondays ?how to make an appointment: log on to mysuccess on the left menu, click career --> appointments choose to book by appointment type scroll to book a career advising ? for graduate students appointment and choose a time slot that fits with your schedule. if you are unavailable on mondays, you can still make an appointment to see a career advisor any weekday in the joyce entrepreneurship centre by visiting mysuccess. be sure to also check out: propel: university of windsor graduate student initative that offers workshops and future planning resources. propel xl: this special 2 day propel professional development event is offered exclusively for graduate students to learn skills and knowledge that will help you in your career and academic success. by attending this event, you will have this experience added to your co-curricular transcript as evidence of your commitment to professional and personal development. graduate student society (gss) the graduate student society (gss) is the official representative organization of all graduate students at the university of windsor. it offers: elected representation at different levels of the university, including the board of governors, the senate, the faculty of graduate studies and research council, and on many of the committees of the aforementioned bodies. the gss representatives have full voting rights at these meetings. a conduit of information including current events and activities, decisions, policies, and issues for graduate students. u-pass (a student bus pass offered at a reduced rate) health/dental coverage to learn more about the gss and what they offer students, please review their website. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter grad news your voice counts: take the canadian graduate and professional student survey faculty of graduate studies 2nd annual twitter-based graduate showcase: may 18 2022-23 nserc undergraduate student research awards (usra) deadlines for graduate scholarship competitions 2021-22 canada graduate scholarships - 2022 master's (cgs-m) competition for cihr, nserc or sshrc more news current students faq how do i opt-out of the health/dental plan and/or the bus pass? how do i register for courses? is need-based funding available? share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
