https://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/1049/conduct-process
student conduct process | residence skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students life in residence residence residence community standards about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence events' calendar get involved living learning communities roommate success plan safety blue & gold recognition residence community standards student conduct process levels student conduct board standards appeal process residence procedures moving out! moving in! black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates about us applying for residence 2022-2023 brochure residence halls new to canada residence fees life in residence events' calendar get involved living learning communities roommate success plan safety blue & gold recognition residence community standards student conduct process levels student conduct board standards appeal process residence procedures moving out! moving in! black leadership & excellence (blx) program special consideration forms and documents contact us work order services cancellations and withdrawals important dates uwindsor home residence life in residence residence community standards student conduct process student conduct process if a student is suspected of violating any of the residence community standard it will be documented by the residence life staff member. documentation will occur even if it is indicated by the residence life staff member that they are giving you a warning. documentation is received by the residence life coordinators and the residence life team lead who are responsible for determining the next step in the process which may include any of the following: community resolution community resolution a community resolution is a conversation between a student and a resident assistant about violating a residence community standard which is then followed up by a written summary of the conversation. this method can be used for level 1 and 2 offences if a student takes responsibility for their actions and determines a solution to rectify the situation. the ra will then document the conversation, including a summary of their conversation which will be shared with the student. the residence life coordinator will make a final decision whether a community resolution is used or if the incident is handled through another aspect of the conduct process. warning warning a resident assistant may indicate to a student that they are giving them a warning for a violation of a level 1 community standard if they have not been found violating this community standard previously. this will be documented and a residence life coordinator may determine that it is necessary to move the violation to another step within the student conduct process due to repetitive warnings or the severity of the violation. decision letter based on evidence in documentation decision letter based on evidence in documentation the residence life coordinator and/or residence life team lead may send out a decision letter without meeting with the student to discuss the incident in the following circumstances: the incident is a level 1 or 2 and the student conduct board is not in session the incident report provides clear information and a meeting is deemed unnecessary the incident occurs during exams for all circumstances a student may request a meeting to further discuss the incident if they are unhappy with the decision that has been made prior to submitting a formal request for an appeal. this meeting does not prevent a student from requesting an appeal. conduct hearing with student conduct board or administrative panel conduct hearing with student conduct board or administrative panel the student will be invited to attend a meeting of the student conduct board (scb) or the administrative panel (ap) and the board/panel will determine whether the student is responsible for the violation they are hearing based on input from the student, the residence life staff and documentation submitted. the board/panel will then determine an appropriate sanction. administrataive panel is typically comprise of the residence life team lead, a professional staff member from the division of student experience and a student leader. the following process will occur: students will receive written notice, by email, of a conduct hearing a minimum of three days notice prior to the hearing. in some circumstances an ap will occur within less than three days, in which case a student will be notified by email and a hardcopy will be delivered to their room if necessary, a student may be relocated and/or other restrictions may be put in place prior to the hearing a closed hearing will be held and only those persons directly related to the incident will be permitted to attend. residents being investigated by the scb will be permitted to attend the entire hearing process provided they respect the process and adhere to the agenda a redacted copy of the incident report will be provided at the hearing. a resident may request a copy up until 24 hours prior to the hearing in writing to the student conduct board coordinator (scbc) or residence life team lead (rltl) residents may bring any related witnesses to the hearing provided that 24 hours notice is given to the scbc or the rltl. witnesses can provide their information in formal written form prior to the conduct hearing or can attend and speak in person all residents and witnesses will be asked to leave the hearing and a sanctioning decision will be made based on the incident report and all information that is gathered through the hearing decisions of the hearing will be delivered via email to the resident if another similar violation is documented prior to the conduct hearing the subsequent violation will be investigated in addition to the original violation but this may not be identified in writing prior to the hearing, depending on the time frame of the violation. any resident investigated by the scb and/or ap may have their residence history presented for consideration during sanctioning. sanctions are cumulative and progressive as violations occur and may progress throughout the academic year (contract period). conduct meeting with residence life coordinator, residence life team lead, or student conduct board coordinator conduct meeting with residence life coordinator, residence life team lead, or student conduct board coordinator the following process occurs: the resident will receive an email requesting them to schedule a meeting to discuss the incident report and are expected to respond within 24 hours of receiving the request the meeting will be an information gathering meeting where the student is provided with details from the incident report and will be asked to provide any information they feel the incident report is missing depending on the meeting, the decision may be shared, an education sanction may be completed and/or a decision will be made after the meeting after the meeting the resident will receive a written decision letter by email detailing the decision any sanction requirements if a resident chooses not to attend a meeting a decision will be made without the resident?s input. the resident may appeal the decision but no new information will be considered in the appeal decision as the resident had previously rejected the request to contribute to the conduct process. if another violation is documented prior to the meeting the subsequent violation will be investigated in addition to the original violation but this may not be identified in writing prior to the meeting, depending on the time frame of the violation. incident referred to non-academic misconduct and/or campus community police incident referred to non-academic misconduct and/or campus community police incidents that are very serious in nature and/or violate the criminal code of canada will be referred and a process outside of residence services will occur. during this process restrictions and/or other sanctions may be put in place by residence services. in the case of an exceptional circumstance (documented proof required), exceptions may be made to the timeline and/or process involved in the residence student conduct process. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
