https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/419/students-teaching-and-learning
students - teaching & learning | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for students return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for students students - teaching & learning students - teaching & learning the university of windsor is excited for the return of campus spirit, community and activities. the return is gradual and flexible, with a continued focus on health and safety. visit the registrar site for important dates and information regarding the winter 2022 semester. courses will be delivered in a variety of formats including face-to-face, online, hybrid and hy-flex. for a detailed description of each format, review the overview of course delivery modes document. teaching and learning takes place in a variety of forms. class size, format (lecture vs. labs), student population and facilities are just a few of the many factors uwindsor faculties are taking into account when deciding upon how to deliver classes. students who are unable to wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. resources registrar / uwinsite student plan your program - future.uwindsor.ca registration guide (pdf) for those who are familiar with the general registration process, the addendum (pdf) document will explain changes related to course delivery modes for the upcoming semester. youtube playlist: how to register share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
