https://www.uwindsor.ca/viewmagazine/node/290
study finds support program sets at-risk students on road to success | view magazine university of windsor alumni magazine features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs search form search features feature stories profiles alumni profiles student profiles research profiles alumni news/events class news alumni events and reunions upcoming uwindsor events campus news campus highlights daily news engineering news lancer news music concerts/events university players print edition pdfs campus highlights monday, december 9, 2019 - 21:05 celebrating the first class of graduates from the on track to success program from left, lorraine goddard, future uwindsor student justin singkhaew, business professor rajeeva sinha, leamington high school senior sindy ramos, and jeff berryman. study finds support program sets at-risk students on road to success a united way program to help vulnerable high school students perform academically is making an impact, according to an independent evaluation report by a uwindsor business professor. the results of a study by rajeeva sinha were released in june during a celebration of the first cohort graduating from the on track to success program, which provides mentoring and other supports to more than 120 students in leamington and windsor?s west end. ?the on track to success program equips the students with assets they need to take charge of their own futures,? dr. sinha said. ?we see statistically significant differences in academic performance measures as well as developmental assets that are indicators of long-term student success.? his report highlighted improved grades, fewer absences, and the development of soft skills such as commitment to learning and ability to work independently as benefits of the program. ninety per cent of those graduating are enrolled in post-secondary education. united way ceo lorraine goddard welcomed the evaluation. ?the results of this report confirm what we know to be true,? she said. ?we can level the playing field for economically disadvantaged students and give them opportunities to succeed, live up to their true potential, and be ready for 21st century jobs.? the university of windsor is looking forward to the arrival of its first cohort of graduates from the on track to success program, and is rolling out more than a red carpet, says jeff berryman, associate vice-president academic ? it will offer bursaries worth $4,000 over four years of study to each of the 10 students it expects this fall. justin singkhaew, who graduated from leamington district secondary school, began studies in the drama in education and community program in september. he says the bursaries will make university more attainable. ?it will really help relieve the financial burden,? singkhaew said. ?i?ve always been wondering how i?m going to pay for my post-secondary education.? berryman said the money is just part of the welcome the on track to success students can expect. ?a team from across campus has been working with united way since the fall, developing transitional programming for students as they prepare for post-secondary education, and planning programming to support them when they arrive,? he said. learn more about the on track to success program at weareunited.com share facebook twitter linkedin email for daily campus news visit uwindsor.ca/dailynews more campus highlights campus highlights federal minister on hand for grand opening of essex core science facility by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:41pm campus highlights dr. robert gordon named president by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:36pm campus highlights chancellor invested with rites of office by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:17pm campus highlights stanley cup win makes adjustment to windsor grad?s resum? by: idahary, dec 9 2019 - 9:12pm campus highlights first woman to take reins as uwindsor chancellor by: idahary, jun 3 2019 - 6:29pm load more related stories feature uwindsor in reel time by: idahary, dec 11 2019 - 4:58pm feature continue to learn. continue to lead. continue to grow. continue at uwindsor. by: idahary, dec 11 2019 - 4:52pm campus highlights federal minister on hand for grand opening of essex core science facility by: idahary, dec 10 2019 - 6:41pm load more view magazine is produced by the university of windsor office of public affairs in tandem with the office of alumni and donor communications. our goal is to connect and inspire the uwindsor community through news and stories that build pride in our alumni, current students, faculty, staff, donors and friends. view contact view subscribe to view advertise in view (print edition) view credits and information alumni association board of directors links university of windsor home page university of windsor alumni association place of promise search form search popular tags fall 2018 university of windsor view october 2019 fall view 2010s 2000s 1990s 1980s 1970s marriages births fall 2017 in memoriam 1960s fall 2015 spring 2017 spring 2016 fall 2016 1950s uwindsor ? 2017 university of windsor
