https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/420/campus-procedures-students
students - campus procedures | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for students return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for students students - campus procedures students - campus procedures coming to campus? read this important information about daily covid-19 screening required to access campus. campus buildings where classes and labs take place are generally unlocked monday to friday from 8:00 a.m. until 5:00 p.m. student safety ambassadors are currently stationed at the following buildings: biology building centre for engineering innovation (cei) chrysler hall north chrysler hall south dillon hall education building essex hall human kinetics building lambton tower / erie hall odette school of business toldo health education centre please note: student ambassador schedules may change to accommodate building activity. entrance to other buildings with instructional spaces (ie. labs) is granted through uwincard access. the caw student centre, leddy library, st. denis centre have screeners present during regular hours and are not accessible when locked. buildings which house campus services (ie. chrysler hall tower) may also be accessible during hours of operation. after hours and weekend building access privileges remain in place for faculty, staff and student employees. the following buildings are only accessible to personnel with granted access: assumption university centre for automotive research and education (care) centre for english language development (celd) energy conversion centre (ecc) education gym great lakes institute for environmental research (glier) lebel building maintenance services psychological services and research centre (prsc) residence buildings windsor hall uwindsor adheres to public health guidelines. covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. in addition, students will be expected to wear a mask on-campus. in addition, ?zone and flow? traffic markings throughout buildings will dictate flow through hallways, entrances and exits. be a safe lancer! we all play a vital role in preventing the spread of covid-19 on campus and in our community. there are important steps we are required to take to keep ourselves and others safe and healthy while on campus. do your part and follow these simple steps every time you are coming to and are on campus: covid-19 vaccination is mandatory for all employee, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors. take the self-assessment questionnaire just before coming to campus be prepared to demonstrate "approved" badge to health screeners. practice good hygiene by washing your hands properly and frequently. socially distance by staying 2 metres from others and following health and safety signage throughout campus. wear a mask. as per the university of windsor mask policy, masks are required to be worn in campus buildings and classrooms. those who have mask exemptions will be provided with alternate work/learning opportunities and will not be able to enter a campus building or classroom. students who are unable to wear a mask are encouraged at registration to choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. it is required that all approved staff and faculty working in shared spaces; with face-to-face interactions; or who clean high-touch contacts/areas, wear eye protection (face shield, safety glasses, goggles, or equivalent) and a 3-ply medical mask. supervisors can obtain these through the chemical control centre. as recommended by the government of canada, a mask or face covering can be homemade or purchased, and should: be 3-ply medical mask or 2 layers of a tightly woven material fabric, such as cotton or linen + filter. ?the third (middle) layer should be a filter-type fabric, such as non-woven polypropylene fabric be large enough to completely and comfortably cover the nose, mouth and chin without gaping allow for easy breathing fit securely to the head with ties or ear loops be comfortable and not require frequent adjustments be changed as soon as possible if damp or dirty maintain its shape after washing and drying the university of windsor requires all employees, students, visitors and contractors to wear a mask or face covering when entering all campus buildings and in common spaces where physical distancing may be difficult (entrances, exits, hallways, stairwells, lounges, washrooms and elevators). click this link to read the mandatory mask policy. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
