https://www.uwindsor.ca/wellness/
student health, counselling and wellness skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student health, counselling and wellness in this section home counselling health services wellness home counselling health services wellness uwindsor home student health, counselling and wellness student health, counselling and wellness student health, counselling and wellness student health, counselling and wellness services is your one-stop shop to address your wellness needs at uwindsor. we assist students in understanding, developing, and fulfilling their own potential so that they can get the most out of their university experience while also managing the obstacles and challenges that come with it. our office provides medical services, counselling options, wellness programming and resources to support you in your university journey. need help now? if you are concerned about your own safety or another person's safety, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. if you are experiencing a crisis you can also call a crisis support line. book an appointment uwindsor continues to provide support to our campus community throughout the pandemic. to minimize the risk of covid-19 community spread most services are operating under a full-time virtual model of care through the provision of telephone appointments or zoom. book a medical appointment book a counselling appointment share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
