https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/421/students-campus-spirit-and-community
students - campus spirit & community | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus information for students return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students teaching & learning campus procedures campus spirit & community health & safety protocols reporting an illness faq for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus information for students students - campus spirit & community students - campus spirit & community being part of a vibrant community is one of the most important aspects of student life at uwindsor. uwindsor is excited to welcome our student community back on campus, driven by our goal to maximize on-campus opportunities and experiences. the office of student experience aims to support your success both inside and outside of the classroom, offering programs and services that help students transition to and through university life. whether you have chosen to remain in windsor or have returned home, they want to make sure all uwindsor students are feeling connected and will continue to host contests and events to keep you engaged! looking to get involved now? breakout your lancer gear every wednesday for #windsorwednesday, a long standing uwindsor tradition. looking to stay up to date on the latest news and information? keep an eye on your inbox for our bi-weekly newsletter. have a question you need answered? contact the office of student experience here! thrive @ uwindsor this past year has been a year like no other. many returning students may still be trying to navigate life as a lancer. thrive was developed with feedback from students to provide information, tools and resources for student success. there will also be an opportunity to build a network with other lancers and make new friends. visit the thrive @ uwindsor website for more information. campus events event calendar uwindsor?s residence services has remained safe throughout the covid-19 pandemic with robust health & safety protocols to ensure campus and community safety. lancer recreation supports student well-being through engagement in athletic, fitness and recreational activities. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
