https://www.uwindsor.ca/studenthealthservices/
student health services | student health, counselling and wellness skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student health, counselling and wellness student health, counselling and wellness in this section home counselling health services book an appointment flu clinic health coverage emergency links resources policies covid-19 vaccine information wellness home counselling health services book an appointment flu clinic health coverage emergency links resources policies covid-19 vaccine information wellness uwindsor home student health, counselling and wellness student health services student health services our medical team of doctors and nurses provide a range of health services to support your emotional, physical, and personal well-being while studying at the university of windsor. types of care include: acute care (sore throat, sprains, fever, flu, etc), physical exams (body check), minor surgery (stitches removal, etc), allergy injections, contraception, pregnancy tests, immunizations, sexually transmitted disease testing and treatment, counselling, etc. the completion of forms requires an appointment with a physician without exception. reception will discuss associated fees when booking the appointments. important updates *as of april 1, 2022 we will transition back to in-office appointments. during the pandemic, student health services offered a combination of phone, virtual and in person visits. we are happy to join most ontario medical offices in returning to this best practice model. *patients who require that a form, medical certificate or note be completed by a physician, should contact the front desk to book an appointment. a hardcopy of the requested form must be brougt into the office (not emailed) before the appointment. the doctor will review the form with the patient during the booked appointment. a price will be quoted based on the individual form. debit, visa and matercard are all acceptable forms of payment. if you are concerned about having possibly contracted covid-19 and still having symptoms, see the below screening tools provided by the government of ontario and the windsor regional hospital covid-19 assessment centre: https://www.ontario.ca/page/2019-novel-coronavirus-covid-19-self-assessment https://www.wrh.on.ca/covid19assessmentcentre click here for information on how to self monitor and self isolate. we appreciate your understanding during this challenging time as we strive to continue to provide the best possible service to our campus community. our clinic caring for university of windsor students is our number one priority. we place you first, work to limit out-of-pocket expenses for students, and seek partnerships with you in personal health. located on the second floor of the caw student centre our medical clinic offers health care visits with doctors and nurses. book an appointment share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
