http://www.uwindsor.ca/fahss/490/support
support fahss | faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences support fahss support fahss support fahss get involved ways to give support fahss support fahss get involved ways to give uwindsor home faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences support fahss support fahss support fahss support creativity drives research, teaching and learning in the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences at the university of windsor. our faculty use their knowledge and expertise across a broad range of disciplines to work with our students and members of our communities?regional, national and international?to create opportunities for success and collaboration. through the place of promise campaign, the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences aims to create the best possible future for our students and communities. investments in our strategic funding opportunities, will advance our innovative research and creative activity, enrich the student experience and allow us to continue to grow our expanding programs. thank you for joining us in our vision. our priorities downtown campus moving downtown is key to strengthening our university and our connection to the community. beyond the historic preservation, new buildings and purpose-built space, our many innovative projects in development will impact both our students and the community. writer-in-residence the study and writing of literature is key to understanding the diversity and complexity of ourselves and society. expanding our writer in residence initiative would provide enhanced opportunities for experiential learning, production of original work, development of creative culture and the strengthening of university and community partnerships. young achievers we will work with our community partners and educators to identify students from under-represented communities who would be unlikely to attend university but are likely to succeed. our vision is to offer orientation and support for both students and families to remove barriers from attending and being successful at university. additional initiatives fahss priorities fund department projects and initiatives awards, bursaries and scholarships for more information about any of the above opportunities, please contact: ms. camille armour major gift officer faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences c.armour@uwindsor.ca room 203a chrysler hall tower 401 sunset avenue windsor, on n9b 3p4 519-253-3000 ext. 2093 charitable registration number: 10816 2611 rr0001 tags: arts humanities and social sciences share tweet save events in fahss stitch 'n bitch fri, 04/08/2022 - 14:00 speaker series apr.8 fri, 04/08/2022 - 15:00 uwindsor jazz cabaret fri, 04/08/2022 - 19:30 mfa group show - traces mon, 04/11/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - traces tue, 04/12/2022 - 09:00 more fahss twitter feed tweets by uwinfahss share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
