https://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/443/support
support engineering | faculty of engineering skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students faculty of engineering home support engineering get involved ways to give your impact support engineering get involved ways to give your impact follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin faculty of engineering home support engineering support engineering together, with our alumni and community partners, we can create new ways to solve problems. we can generate knowledge and develop ethical and socially responsible engineering leaders who contribute to the betterment of society. we can quickly adapt to rapidly advancing technologies and address unforeseen challenges, whenever or wherever they arise, such as a global pandemic. our supporters help shape our students? academic journey and enable us to deliver a high-quality, hands-on engineering education while developing technologies that improve our lives. since 2010, when construction began on our state-of-the-art ed lumley centre for engineering innovation, enrolment in engineering has more than doubled. faculty members now teach and mentor more than 1,400 undergraduate and 1,700 graduate students. investments in our strategic funding priorities, outlined below, will advance innovative engineering research, enrich the student experience and allow us to continue to grow our expanding engineering programs. thank you for joining us in our vision as we continue to help our students become socially aware and responsible contributors to society. our priorities uwindsor engineering covid-19 action fund in response to the growing needs of the faculty of engineering amid the covid-19 crisis, we have established the uwindsor engineering covid-19 action fund. with your donations, we can promptly direct funds where they are needed most to respond to the crisis in real time. funding will support time-critical research, help students who are experiencing hardships and maximize curriculum resources for online distance learning. the world will continue to face enormous challenges for the foreseeable future as a result of the pandemic. engineers are essential to finding innovative solutions to problems that are critical to society. support covid-19 research and engineering students today by making a donation to this action fund and advance the most promising and urgent funding priorities in these areas. research: driving engineering innovation our faculty, departments, and graduate students are developing creative engineering solutions for challenges faced by today?s society. make an impact by supporting advanced research. select one of our innovative research groups or projects, or further invest in endowed research chairs to build on our existing strengths and provide enhanced training, unique expertise and international perspectives for our students, faculty, industrial partners, community, and beyond. experiential learning: going beyond the traditional classroom investing in state-of-the-art laboratories ensures that students are learning with the most advanced technology and equipment. bringing theory into practice, such hands-on learning and experiential education activities as capstone design projects help students gain the skills they need to successfully transition to industry. scholarships: increasing access and opportunity undergraduate and graduate scholarships attract top students, financial awards recognize student leaders, and bursaries assist those with financial need. by investing in scholarships, you will help engineering students succeed and reach their full potential. dean?s innovation fund gifts to the dean?s innovation fund are undesignated to support projects with the greatest funding need, in real time, to foster innovation. this unique funding opportunity allows us to be proactive to challenges and opportunities as they arise. donations will support all engineering departments, programs, infrastructure, and extracurricular student groups, including the engineering student society, women in engineering, engineers without borders, and more! contact krista spagnuolo development assistant, university campaign office krista2@uwindsor.ca 519-253-3000 ext. 3229 share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
