https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/378/mental-health-well-being-supports-and-resources
supports and resources | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols reporting an illness - faculty & staff self-assessment questionnaire qr code scanning and designated entrances resource documents mental health & well-being supports and resources information sessions guidelines for events and approved activities on campus building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols reporting an illness - faculty & staff self-assessment questionnaire qr code scanning and designated entrances resource documents mental health & well-being supports and resources information sessions guidelines for events and approved activities on campus building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols supports and resources supports and resources with the ?many challenges the covid-19 pandemic has presented, you may be experiencing increased amounts of stress and anxiety. it's ok to not be ok. please stay connected and reach out when you need help. see below for a variety of remote and online resources available. if you or someone you know is in crisis, please dial 9-1-1 immediately or find your nearest hospital. student resources student counselling centre: 519-253-3000 ext. 4616 - counselling appointments available via videoconference or telephone. email: scc@uwindsor.ca student health services: 519-973-7002 - offering telephone appointments and prescription refills. wellness outreach office: office of student experience - live well on campus and access the resources available to you to support you in maintaining your wellbeing, mental health and balance. wellness e-digest - archive of monthly workplace welless e-newsletters. bright pass: get access to hundreds of live, virtual well-being classes each week, including fitness, mindfulness, nutrition, yoga, and keynote speakers. free to all uwindsor students through university of windsor students' alliance. good 2 talk: 1-866-925-5454 or text good2talkon to 686868 - 24 hour post-secondary student helpline. guard.me wellness and learning initiatives - professionally monitored webinars and weekly student support group via videoconferencing. (archive of past recordings) keep.mesafe: 1-844-451-9700 - confidential, free support to students. uwindsor my student support program page tao: therapy assistance online - online library of engaging, interactive programs promoting life skills and support to bounce back from disappointments or stumbling blocks in life. employee resources human resources workplace wellness - learn about current workplace wellness initiatives. employee and family assistance program - immediate and confidential assistance for any work, health or life concern. wellness webinars - free, web-based seminars designed to support mental health and well-being of uwindsor employees. covid-19: mental health & well-being webinars - this webinar series has been designed to provide employees with practical tips and strategies to help address the current realities associated with the covid-19 pandemic. wellness e-digest - archive of monthly workplace welless e-newsletters. awareness raising campaigns - campus-wide awareness raising campaigns and personal development initiatives. cmha windsor-essex: 519-255-7440 - wide range of free programs, including bounceback, a skill-building program with an online coach. togetherall - a safe place to talk, share and support others like you, moderated by professionals 24/7. click the following link for recommended practices to promote mental health and well-being and tips for coping general resources (available to all) 211 - searchable database of windsor-essex organizations and community support services. bethere - know someone who might be struggling with their mental health? learn to be there for them. hotel dieu grace healthcare community crisis centre: 519-973-4435 - 24/7 crisis telephone line. the canada suicide prevention centre: 1-833-456-4566 - 24/7 crisis telephone line. windsor-essex county health unit - links to local programs, services, and resources available in windsor-essex county that can help to promote and support mental health. out of province resources for a list of out of province resources from the centre for innovation in campus mental health, click here. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
