https://www.uwindsor.ca/business/306/support-odette
support odette | odette school of business skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business in this section main menu home about undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette odette data analytics teaching lab campaign sue skrobiak award for excellence faculty & research main menu home about undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette odette data analytics teaching lab campaign sue skrobiak award for excellence faculty & research odette school of business support odette support odette your support makes a difference. when you support the odette school of business, whatever the amount, your gift makes an impact. making a contribution to the odette school of business helps to provide students with the tools for a great education, one that helps them develop their talents and establish their place in the world. supporting the odette school of business is a smart investment in students and their campus environment. you may choose to support the following needs or specify another designation of your choice: student scholarships student recognition events undergraduate and graduate student case competitions faculty chairs facilities expansion your gift will help bright young minds grow and thrive. please remember, all gifts are tax-deductible and you will receive a receipt. to learn more about how to make a contribution, contact odette philanthropy and engagement officer, kelly gosselin at (519) 253-3000 ext. 3137 or kelly.gosselin@uwindsor.ca or you might consider investing in odette by completing the secure online giving form below. please remember to designate your donation to the odette school of business in the appropriate place on the form. online giving form share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
