http://www.uwindsor.ca/success/parents/
support for parents skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support for parents in this section home what you need to know resources orientation programs students with disability contact us home what you need to know resources orientation programs students with disability contact us uwindsor home support for parents welcome parents & family members welcome parents & family members we believe that students have the best chance for success at university when they feel supported by both their institution and their families. parents can help by maintaining a balance between supporting their students and allowing them to achieve a sense of independence. the university of windsor's role is to provide information to both parents/family members and students to assist them in achieving this balance. the transition to university is almost always challenging for all involved. the dynamics of university life have changed considerably over the past decade. the parent website will help you to make sense of how these changes may affect you and your student; especially during the first year. this parent program is brought to you by the student success and leadership centre at the university of windsor. share tweet save show your son or daughter you are thinking of them! treat them to a food services pizza party, fruit basket or gourmet cookies, or add flex dollars to their uwincard! order now share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
