https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2022-03-11/survey-probe-effect-pandemic-adolescents-and-young-adults
survey to probe effect of pandemic on adolescents and young adults | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews a research project led by education professor lindsey jaber is recruiting 18- to 24-year-olds to take a survey about how the pandemic has affected them and their mental health. survey to probe effect of pandemic on adolescents and young adults mar 14th, 2022 a new research project out of the university of windsor and h?tel-dieu grace healthcare is looking into the toll the pandemic has taken on adolescents transitioning to adulthood. ?adolescence and young adulthood are already known to be high-risk periods for the emergence of mental health issues,? said lindsey jaber, a professor in the faculty of education who is leading the study. ?the overarching goal of this project is to gain a deeper understanding of how transitional-aged youth are coping and navigating through an already turbulent developmental period during and following a time of global crisis.? dr. jaber, who specializes in educational psychology, has received a $25,000 grant from the social sciences and humanities research council of canada to conduct the study. she is working with uwindsor alumna jennifer voth (ma 2007, phd 2013), a research associate at h?tel-dieu grace and adjunct professor in kinesiology. jesse scott, an undergraduate student in psychology, is managing the project. graduate and other undergraduate students will also help conduct the research. the team is recruiting participants aged 18 to 24 to share their experiences via an online survey, which will take 20 minutes or less to complete. participants can volunteer for an optional follow-up interview. the survey will ask questions that delve into the participants? general well-being and the effect restrictions and disruptions related to the pandemic have had on their lives. it will also probe what help, if any, partijavascript:void(0);cipants seek for mental health challenges. respondents who complete the survey will get a chance to win one of 15 amazon gift cards. ?there?s a lack of evidence associated with the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the mental health and well-being of youth in ontario demonstrating a clear need for gathering and collecting a high-quality evidence base that can be translated into practice,? jaber said. ?we aim to apply this information in meaningful ways, such as identifying unmet needs in current mental health services to strengthen help-seeking behaviours and serve young people in the community better.? to participate or learn more about the study, follow this link to visit the survey page. ?sarah sacheli lindsey jaber jennifer voth jesse scott strategic priority: engage in community partnerships pursue strengths in research and graduate education academic area: education research share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
