https://www.uwindsor.ca/foodservices/309/sustainability
sustainability | food services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students food services food services in this section welcome to food services information for prospective students meal plans special diets & nutrition sustainability catering services conference & accommodation services customer feedback residence dining menu welcome to food services information for prospective students meal plans special diets & nutrition sustainability catering services conference & accommodation services customer feedback residence dining menu uwindsor home food services sustainability sustainability food services is committed to integrating sustainability into its operations. we are dedicated to continual improvement in the areas of local purchasing, environmentally friendly practices and global social responsibility. listed below are some of the sustainable initiatives we are proud to be involved with and continue to support. food choice & healthy alternatives we believe in providing people with a choice regarding the type of food they consume. as society becomes more aware of the benefits of healthier eating, food services has taken a proactive role, constantly researching, developing and providing healthier dining choices. buying local we are committed to supporting local suppliers by purchasing their products. we purchase locally grown produce whenever possible. purchasing from local suppliers helps to support the local community, and helps to reduce the impact that transportation has on our environment. local produce retains a higher proportion of nutritional value than imported foods. fresh, organic vegetables have significantly higher levels of vitamin c, iron, magnesium and phosphorus than conventional vegetables. money spent in the community stays in the community longer, benefiting local retailers and residents. food services just received their feast on certification program and it is the first and only university in ontario to achieve this for their residence dining program. about the program feast on is a certification program that recognizes businesses committed to sourcing ontario grown food and drink. feast on operates as a social enterprise managed by the culinary tourism alliance with the goal to increase access and awareness of quality local products. our mission is to be a sustainable contributor to our local economy and are always staying engaged with our local farmers and artisans and purchase locally grown produce right here in leamington. fresh food choices most of our entrees are prepared from scratch, which cuts down on excessive packaging. fair trade coffee food services first introduced fair trade coffee on campus in the early 1990?s and has continued to promote that program for over 30 years. our catering division serves fair trade ethiopian yirgacheffe coffee that is locally roasted and variety of fair-trade teas. our non-franchised coffee shops brew fair-trade coffee from marley coffee and 4 o?clock teas. food services sell a variety premium fair trade chocolate products in our retail food locations and in vending machines. we are committed to sourcing fair trade products in our kitchens when possible. we also promote fair trade products and global initiatives by providing free copies of fair-trade magazines in our coffee shops that serve fair-trade products. bulk condiments we use bulk condiments instead of individual portion packs whenever feasible, resulting in a tremendous reduction in packaging and resulting waste. recycling and green initiatives we recycle our glass, cardboard, paper, aluminum cans and cooking oil diverting several tonnes of material going into the landfill each year. recycling bins are situated in all areas of the facilities making recycling convenient and easy for employees and customers. energy efficient equipment our department utilizes energy star rated equipment whenever possible that use 10-50% less energy and/or water. hand sanitizers we provide hand sanitizing stations within our eateries which promotes health and well-being throughout the campus community. basic hand washing is one of the best ways to reduce the spread of communicable diseases. file attachments: attachment fon_restaurant_certificate_2020_u_windsor_residence_dining.pdf learn about our meal plans share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
