http://www.uwindsor.ca/hotnews
system status & notifications | information technology services skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students information technology services information technology services in this section home about us our services getting started authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support home about us our services getting started authentication tech talk y2k20 project cybersecurity manage uwin account system status application links news campus technology day training help & support uwindsor home information technology services system status & notifications system status & notifications impending google services retirement uwindsor google accounts will be deleted soon. you may need to migrate or download files by april 30, 2022, if: you are a student or alumni who received an email listing failed files after the 2020 migration process. you are a student or alumni who used google products like sheets or docs, which saves to google drive, after the migration process. you are a student or alumni who used the google account for storage after the migration process. you are a faculty and staff member with a uwin gmail account and have files saved on google drive. you are an alumni who used gmail services between 2008 and 2020, and have not maintained your @uwindsor.ca account in good standing and wish to reactivate it. find information on how to migrate, download files, or reactivate your alumni email account: uwindsor.ca/itservices/google-services-retirement updated: mar 24, 2022 - 3:37 pm cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. update feb 18, 10 am - the planned outage is now cancelled by the service provider and will be rescheduled. campus internet service will be inaccessible wednesday, february 23 from 12 to 3 a.m. due to ongoing network improvements by our service provider, connecting windsor-essex (cwe). in addition to intermittent internet disruption, all uwindsor systems will be off-line during the same period, including: uwinsite student blackboard myuwinfo you may have to restart or log in again on various platforms when the service resumes. if you have difficulties accessing the internet on campus after the outage, please contact the it service desk by calling 519-253-3000 ext. 4440. the it service desk opens at 8:30 a.m. on wednesday. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. updated: feb 18, 2022 - 3:24 pm network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. it services will be performing network maintenance thursday, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. the interruption will last approximately five minutes with anticipated disruption again during testing. affected buildings: school of creative arts - armouries alan wildeman centre for creative arts windsor hall psychological services and research centre the institute for diagnostic imaging research you may have to restart or log in again on various platforms when the service resumes. if you have difficulties accessing the network on campus after the disruption, please contact the it service desk by calling 519-253-3000 ext. 4440. the it service desk opens at 8:30 a.m. on thursday. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. updated: feb 18, 2022 - 9:12 am apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads a vulnerability, cve-2022-22620, has been found on ios devices. users of ios, ipados, and macos devices are advised to apply the latest operating system patches immediately. the vulnerability affects all web browsers and apps that use web browsing in the background. it allows apple devices to be instantly infected with malware by visiting a web page or viewing a malicious advertisement on a safe website. see apple support for the patch. https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht213093 updated: feb 11, 2022 - 4:40 pm cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. update - feb 1, 3:30 pm - the planned outage is now cancelled campus internet service will be inaccessible wednesday, february 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. due to ongoing network improvements by our service provider, connecting windsor-essex (cwe). you may have to restart or log in again on various platforms when the service resumes. if you have difficulties accessing the internet on campus after the outage, please contact the it service desk by calling 519-253-3000 ext. 4440. the it service desk opens at 8:30 a.m. on wednesday. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. updated: feb 01, 2022 - 3:36 pm security vulnerability for spss users spss client interim fix instructions ibm remediation for this security vulnerability is found in this ibm tech note with instructions and downloads to interim fixes: https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/6525830 please note that before the interim fix (fixpack) can be applied, the spss version must be fully patched. for example, if you have spss statistics 27.0 deployed, you must first update it to statistics 27.0.1 before applying the associated interim fix. spss concurrent license manager utility spss concurrent license manager utility is not affected by this vulnerability. ibm spss leverages sentinel rms software and the developer has released a statement that confirms their infrastructure, applications, products, and services aren?t vulnerable to the cve-2021-44228 exploit. https://www.sentinelone.com/blog/cve-2021-44228-staying-secure-apache-log4j-vulnerability/ for additional information, here is a link to ibm?s general update on the apache log4j cve-2021-44228 vulnerability: https://www.ibm.com/blogs/psirt/an-update-on-the-apache-log4j-cve-2021-44228-vulnerability/ for spss support, please contact spss@orion.on.ca. an orion rep will respond to your inquiry within a half-business day monday to friday 9 am to 5 pm eastern, excluding public holidays and limited support during christmas-new years. updated: dec 22, 2021 - 10:04 am page 1 ?? share tweet save service status blackboard ecv egas mysuccess myuwinfo office 365 authentication services ldap legend available warning down unknown notifications feed share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
