https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/368/take-seat
take a seat | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students support uwindsor support uwindsor in this section welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor take a seat take a seat ?take a seat offers lancer alumni, fans and supporters the unique opportunity to name a seat in the toldo lancer centre triple-court gymnasium, to be completed in may 2022,? said director of athletics mike havey. ?this is the perfect way to celebrate your commitment to uwindsor with a gift that will strengthen and support the ties between our fans, students, alumni, community and athletes.? completed in may 2022, the toldo lancer centre at the university of windsor will be a beacon of campus and community pride with state-of-the-art athletic facilities. for a donation of $1,000 you can take your seat at the toldo lancer centre, with your name or other personalized message engraved on the seat of your choice in the new triple-gym, in perpetuity. (there is a 55-character limit.) gifts of $5,000 or more will also be recognized on the toldo lancer centre donor wall. make your gift as: an alum, a couple, or a family an athlete, coach, or mentor in memory of a loved one your business or organization donate now! visit www.uwindsor.ca/donate to make your donation. under university of windsor priorities, select "take a seat" in the drop down, then in the field below enter your name and year of graduation (if applicable) or other message as you'd like it to appear on the seat. you can request a specific seat after you have completed your donation, or one can be assigned to you. you can view a seating chart here. for more information on take a seat, please contact chris knack in the annual giving office at 519-253-3000 ext. 4279 or cknack@uwindsor.ca. watch another short video about take a seat share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
