https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/450/vaxcampaign
take a jab! | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! why vax? how do i vax? social media tools on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! why vax? how do i vax? social media tools on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus take a jab! take a jab! join uwindsor and the entire windsor-essex community and take a jab to #kocovid, through the covid-19 vaccine. we have followed the guidelines, diligently wear our masks, stay at safe distances, practice proper hand hygiene and now we are ready to take the next step (if you haven?t already) in our fight against covid-19. #takeajabuwindsor is a university of windsor vaccination awareness campaign to connect you to reliable sources and empower you to make an informed choice to vaccinate against covid-19. the covid-19 vaccine has reduced the spread of the virus and resulted in milder symptoms and fewer covid-related hospitalizations. let?s continue the fight to keep ourselves, our loved ones and community safe. together we can do this. together let?s #takeajabuwindsor and #kocovid. *all health and medical information on these pages has been resourced from trusted sources including, windsor-essex county health unit (wechu), wevax and uwindsor researchers. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
