https://www.uwindsor.ca/648520/tapping-your-maximum-potential
tapping into your maximum potential - wellness series | alumni association skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students alumni association alumni association in this section make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association benefits & services networking multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding update your information contact us make a donation about your association community alumni publications annual awards volunteer with the association benefits & services networking multimedia reunions & events sponsorship & funding update your information contact us uwindsor home alumni association tapping into your maximum potential - wellness series tapping into your maximum potential - wellness series wednesday, march 23, 2022 - 13:00 to wednesday, may 25, 2022 - 13:00 the uwindsor alumni association presents ... tapping into your maximum potential uwin odette grad, david f. haas, bcomm '02 will present three online workshops for alumni and friends. david will guide attendees through his signature coaching system known as the three r's - realize, release and re-align. the workshops are designed to help participants learn to recognize what is blocking success in their lives. david will offer suggestions and strategies to make changes and create a better future for yourself. registration is required to provide the zoom link. workshops are free to attend. sessions begin at 1pm and go for one hour. march 23 - realize - info & registration realize - what is blocking your success in any area of your life? most of us have no clue what is preventing us from living our best life. much of what is holding us back is hidden in the subconscious, but it has still shaped who we are. these trapped emotions are also the source of our unwanted behaviors. in this webinar, we will shine a light on those trapped emotions so that you can take back your power from them. register now april 21 - release - info & registration release - how do you become free of it for good? once we have learned how to identify the emotions that we are avoiding feeling and connected them to thoughts and behaviors that are holding us back, we then need to learn how to become free from them for good. in this webinar, i will teach the letting go technique so that you can experience actual relief from your pain. register now may 25 - re-align - info & registration re-align - find your true self and the future you want. now that we have become aware of what is holding us back and we have learned how to let it go, it is now time to create a greater understanding of who you really are. in this webinar we will do an exercise to help you get aligned with a definite purpose and set an intention that will begin the process of manifesting the life that you want. register now more about david f. haas david f. haas david f. haas is a graduate of the odette school of business, class of 2002. a serial entrepreneur, he founded his first company at the age of sixteen and has gone on to establish eight other companies including his most recent launch of his signature coaching system. known as ?the letting go coach? he has dedicated his life to helping people uncover what is holding them back from maximizing their potential. since the creation of his coaching program david has helped over one hundred clients and businesses become aware of what is preventing their greatness. in, 2021, david launched his latest venture, lungovita beach retreat, is a 16-acre waterfront retreat center in harrow ontario. workshop notes/follow up david f. haas ? webinar - realize workshop notes ? march 23, 2022 just in case you missed the webinar, david haas has provided the following questions discussed during the webinar: top 5 areas where are you struggling or stuck in your life? what survival pattern have you been using to keep you stuck? how has being stuck in this area of your life affected you? what beliefs or stories have you told yourself around this area in your life? what has prevented you from changing what emotion are you avoiding feeling by remaining stuck in this area of your life? when was the first time you can remember feeling this way in your life? follow david haas https://www.facebook.com/groups/1138184570029006 https://www.instagram.com/davidfhaas/ https://www.davidhaas.ca/ katherine simon alumni@uwindsor.ca share tweet save donate now other university events university players windsor lancers music concerts humanities research group follow us uwindsor alumni instagram uwindsor alumni twitter uwindsor alumni flickr uwindsor twitter uwindsor linkedin uwindsor facebook uwindsor youtube uwindsor app useful links manage uwin account diploma framing transcripts co-op, career and employment services continuing education alumni news grant to help alumna scale literacy programs alum attributes success to strong black male mentorship and ancestral strength university to discontinue google services on april 30 webinar promises info on film funding program uwindsor alumnus named officer of the order of canada more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
