https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/taxes
taxes | finance department skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students finance department finance department financial accounting & reporting for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms for students student accounts / cashiers student awards and financial aid for faculty, staff and stakeholders financial accounting & reporting cashless campus accounting accounts receivable year end audited financial statements gifts, endowments and trusts research finance taxes treasury budgets & financial services uwinsite finance fraud alerts home office expenses 2021 glossary of policies, procedures & forms uwindsor home finance department financial accounting & reporting taxes taxes hst overview the university?s purchases are subject to hst at the current rate of 13%. due to the university?s status as a public institution with the canada revenue agency, we receive a rebate of a portion of the hst. this means the effective rate of sales tax paid by the university is 3.41%. when purchases are made outside of the province of ontario or outside of canada, unique rules apply, and self assessment of hst may be required. university of windsor hst number the university of windsor?s hst account number is: 108162611 rt0001. calculating hst on purchases campus members can use the hst voucher calculator to determine the amount of tax applicable to their purchase. the canada revenue agency gst/hst calculator (and rates) is another tool to help with tax decision making. hst references and training download the decision tree - detailed self-assesment requirements for importable taxable supplies to better understand the tax implications of purchasing goods or services from foreign vendors. the canadian association of university business officers (caubo) has issued tax resources designed to support universities. caubo members can visit the caubo website to access these resources. contact information jenifer gritke ? assistant director, financial reporting email: jenifer.gritke@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
