https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/470/testing
testing | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus vaccination policy return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus vaccination policy testing testing if you are an individual that requires participation in the rapid antigen testing to access campus, you are required to have a negative test result within 72 hours before accessing campus. those coming to campus every day will require a test twice per week. the covid-19 testing centre is located in the katzman lounge of vanier hall. visit uwindsor.ca/covidtest to book an appointment. testing is by appointment only. monday: 8:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. tuesday: 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. wednesday: closed thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. friday through sunday: closed testing should only take approximately 30 minutes to complete, but please plan for up to a 60-minute wait time should a delay occur. the testing clinic is available only to faculty, staff and students who meet one of the following criteria. you must be: partially vaccinated in accordance with the vaccination policy; unvaccinated with an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy; or unvaccinated awaiting an exemption determination in accordance with the vaccination policy. if you receive a negative test result, you will be provided with a confirmation code to enter into your safe lancer app covid-19 daily self-assessment to access campus. if you receive a positive test result, health and safety staff onsite will assist you with next steps and you will not be permitted to access campus. to access campus you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program for those who are not in the above categories, rapid antigen testing is no longer an option to attend campus. testing will be reserved for those who are partially vaccinated (as defined above), those who have received their exemption accommodation, or those who have submitted an exemption request and are awaiting a determination. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
