https://www.uwindsor.ca/universityplayers/309/theatre-policies
theatre policies | university players skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university players university players theatres welcome current season our company box office theatres theatre policies location, directions and parking past seasons media support up contact us welcome current season our company box office theatres theatre policies location, directions and parking past seasons media support up contact us uwindsor home university players theatres theatre policies theatre policies accessible seating essex hall theatre is accessible by elevator at the rear of the building. patrons who need special assistance are asked to contact the box office at 519-253-3000 ext. 2808 in advance of your visit to the theatre. a representative will be available to assist you. exchanges only full or 3-play subscription tickets may be exchanged. these tickets may be exchanged for another performance of the same play, with 24 hours advance notice. there is no charge to exchange subscription tickets. refunds there are no refunds for tickets once purchased except for outright cancellation of the event. free parking parking is provided at all performances. please click for more details. children university players must refuse admittance to babes in arms. we welcome children old enough to enjoy our productions, but remind you that tickets must be purchased for all children. box office hours during weeks of performances, the box office is open monday-friday from 5 ? 8 p.m., saturday from 11 - 8 p.m., and on sunday from 11 a.m. ? 2 p.m. please check the box office voice mail for additional opening hours. the box office is located at the entrance to essex hall theatre. share tweet save stay connected twitter feed tweets by upwindsor share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
