https://www.uwindsor.ca/universityplayers/303/theatres
theatres | university players skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university players university players in this section welcome current season our company box office theatres theatre policies location, directions and parking past seasons media support up contact us welcome current season our company box office theatres theatre policies location, directions and parking past seasons media support up contact us uwindsor home university players theatres theatres click here for more information about our theatre policies click here for more information about location, directions and parking essex hall theatre essex hall theatre is the venue for five of the six mainstage performances by university players. its 323 plush seats provide a comfortable setting for over 40 performances each year. the theatre is easy to find, located just through the main entrance of essex hall on the university of windsor campus. free parking is available at all performances. an ample lobby space makes it comfortable to attend the theatre. the latest in sound and lighting equipment, and the ingenuity of our designers make nearly anything possible on the stage. theatre accessibility essex hall theatre is fully accessible to people with mobility difficulties, via an elevator located at the rear of the building. if you require the use of the accessible entrance or require assistance, please call our box office at 519-253-3000 ext. 2808 in advance of your visit. a representative will meet you at the accessibility entrance to assist you. please keep in mind that while most seats in essex hall theatre are accessed by stairs on either side of the auditorium, there are seats at the back which are accessible by wheelchairs or walkers. for more information, or to speak with someone in advance of your visit, please call our box office at 519-253-3000 ext. 2808, or email us at uplayers@uwindsor.ca. hatch studio theatre hatch studio theatre is the venue for one mainstage university players production. the hatch studio theatre is a jewel within the state-of the art jackman dramatic art centre on the university of windsor campus. its 117 flexible seating provides a very intimate space for showcasing the high-calibre performances and designs of the university players. free parking is available at all performances. theatre accessibility hatch studio theatre is fully accessible to people with mobility difficulties. from the parking in assumption hall lot, through jackman dramatic art centre lobby and into the hatch studio theatre, there are no stairs and plenty of room to maneuver with mobility assisting devices. please keep in mind that while most seats in hatch studio theatre are accessed by climbing stairs, there are floor seats at the front. if you require a floor seat or room for a wheelchair, please let us know at the time of ordering your tickets. for more information, or to speak with someone in advance of your visit, please call our box office at 519-253-3000 ext. 2808, or email us at uplayers@uwindsor.ca. share tweet save stay connected twitter feed tweets by upwindsor share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
