https://www.uwindsor.ca/vp-equity-diversity-inclusion/2022-03-10/bystander-initiative
the bystander initiative  | office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion in this section about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us about us home anti-racism & organizational change student self-identification survey data and reports edi news edi calendar contact us uwindsor home office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion the bystander initiative the bystander initiative everyone has a role in sexual assault prevention. be a proactive bystander. the university of windsor offers sexual assault prevention training through student-led workshops known as bringing in the bystander. the workshop encourages participants to envision themselves as proactive bystanders that have the opportunity to intervene and stop sexual assault before it happens. bringing in the bystander is a three-hour-long workshop that speaks directly to the experiences faced by university of windsor students. these workshops take an interactive and intersectional approach to sexual assault prevention. their purpose is to train students in prevention measures, in the hope of dismantling rape culture in the campus community. additionally, the program teaches students transferable intervention skills. students can apply these skills in various situations such as intervening in anti-black, homophobic or transphobic scenarios. the workshops are part of the broader program, the bystander initiative; the initiative takes a campus-wide approach to spread awareness on sexual assault prevention measures. it incorporates student-led workshops and faculty-led courses. the bystander initiative offers two courses that teach students how to lead the workshops: practical strategies for social change (3500) and practicum in social change (4500). the courses can be taken as a credit towards criminology, general social science, psychology, social work, among others. in its inception, the courses were focused on students from the humanities. however, over time it has become a campus-wide program. the general student consensus is that both the workshop and courses are an educational and enjoyable experience. michael mastrogiacomo, a fourth-year aeronautics student, expressed his admiration for the program, ? i have fallen in love with the program because it raises community awareness of the seriousness of this issue and provides individuals with the tools they need to positively intervene when they witness any type of harmful behaviour.? mastrogiacomo is currently taking the 4500-level and will be facilitating workshops. due to the nature of the workshop content, it is understandable that students might be hesitant to participate. the workshop emphasises respect and self-care, actively encouraging students to prioritise their well-being. students often leave the workshop pleasantly surprised by how well the content is handled. yasmeena haidar-ahmed, a sociology student, commented that ?as someone who?s had experiences, i?m often skeptical of workshops. the bystander initiative is clearly run by individuals who understand the struggle and took steps to teach empathy without the ?trauma porn.? they checked on participants and ensured that it was a safe space to engage and learn. it provides an element of trust in the campus community knowing that preventative measures are being taken seriously. the coordinator of the bystander initiative, dr. frances cachon, encourages student feedback. the program is responsive to community feedback and is actively looking for ways to improve its workshops and courses. the bystander initiative is a great way to involve oneself in the community. the program offers genuine insight into sexual assault prevention and gives students the tools necessary to create change. click here to join the course click here to take a workshop edi ? published on mar 10th, 2022 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
