https://continue.uwindsor.ca/558/fundamentals-race-and-anti-black-racism
the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor in this section featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism ? register now ? back to main page in collaboration with the university of windsor?s office of the vp, equity, diversity, and inclusion, and with the support of the black council of windsor-essex, continuing education is offering an 18-hour course on race and anti-black racism. the murders of george floyd and breonna taylor in the u.s. as well as the brutal beating of defonte miller and death of regis korchinski-paquet in canada have reinvigorated the black lives matter movement and have sparked new discussions about the prevalence of anti-black racism in canada. this generalist course will focus on issues related to race and its origins, anti-black racism, and the construct of whiteness. through case studies and the sharing of experiences, participants explore their own relationships to power, privilege, and oppression to enhance their awareness within their personal and professional interactions. the course will use a reflexive and participatory approach. learning formats will include lectures, case studies, group discussions, role plays, group work, journaling, videos and guest presentations. you will be expected to draw on the assigned readings in class discussions and take notes. you are also expected to keep informed of the media coverage of contemporary social issues. the instructor may make changes to course content depending on issues of contemporary relevance. learning outcomes enhanced vocabulary around issues of race, racism, ethnicity, and equity. increased knowledge about systemic and interpersonal racism. developing understanding of how political, economic and social-cultural practice shape identity, power, privilege and oppression. demonstrated capacity for critical self-reflection and increased awareness of unconscious bias, prejudice, and microaggressions. identification of promising strategies to comprehensively address anti-black racism within our society and the workplace. learners will be expected to actively participate in online classes and complete a combination of reflections, presentations, and assignments. upon successful completion of this class learners will receive grade of completion and receive a certificate of completion. when: ?abri 7102 - 002 - thursdays, april 14 - may 19, 2022 | 3:30pm - 6:30pm est abri 7102 - 003 - tuesdays, may 10 - jun 14, 2022 | 3:30pm - 6:30pm est abri 7102 - 004 - wednesdays, september 21 - october 26 | 5:30pm - 8:30pm est format: online, live instruction fees: $279 + hst. for leaders in their organization who wish to send their team, group rates are available. uwindsor staff, students and alumni are eligible for a discount. email continue@uwindsor.ca for details. uwindsor staff and faculty may be eligible for the abr professional development training grant. instructor kaitlyn ellsworth is a sixth generation underground railroad and black loyalist descendent from windsor, ontario. she is currently the black student support coordinator in the office of the vice-president of equity, diversity, and inclusion at the university of windsor. kaitlyn?s post-secondary education includes a ba from the university of windsor, a bed from the university of toronto's oise specializing in anti-racism education, a ba in african american studies from wayne state university and is currently working on a master of research in the history of africa and the african diaspora from the university of chichester. kaitlyn?s research is focused on the contemporary transnational relationship between black canadians in windsor, ontario, and black americans in detroit, michigan. ?kaitlyn currently is the scholarship chair of the hour-a-day study club, canada?s oldest african canadian women?s organization, a board of director for the essex county black historical research society, executive board member and founding member of the black council of windsor-essex, a member of the distinguished women of international service, windsor?s black educators association, ontario alliance of black school educators, the social justice group teachers for global awareness and the alumni/community rep on the university of windsor?s anti-black racism taskforce. prerequisites prerequisites: learners will be expected to possess: basic computer skills or course completion in fundamental computer applications such as word. experience working with word processing, email, and web browsing. english language proficiency. technical requirements learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access all modules are delivered online through blackboard collaborative learning management system. blackboard requirements all course details can be accessed through blackboard. a link will be provided through email prior to the first day of class so that you will have access to all course resources and streaming functions. once you are accepted to this program, you will be given a uwinid and will be required to activate it in order to access blackboard. please activate your uwinid as soon as possible. your uwinid and password are needed to access blackboard. if you have any issues, please contact continue@uwindsor.ca blackboard.uwindsor.ca works best with google chrome. you can also use firefox or safari. it is suggested that you avoid using internet explorer. there is a "navigating your online course" module and technical tutorials that you can review for a brief orientation to blackboard once you log in. feel free to review the full blackboard preferred system requirements. register now email us at continue@uwindsor.ca if you have questions - we are always happy to help. sign up on our interest list to be notified about enrolment and receive updates from continuing education. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
