http://www.uwindsor.ca/logo/the-uwindsor-logo
the uwindsor logo | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor in this section tradition and pride the uwindsor logo alternate versions examples of logo use institutional logo versions uwindsor faculties uwindsor alumni the uwindsor coat of arms technical specifications colour values colour reproduction typography size and spacing correct usage unit-specific guidelines shield as graphic the logo tools & templates advice & assistance approval contacts tradition and pride the uwindsor logo alternate versions examples of logo use institutional logo versions uwindsor faculties uwindsor alumni the uwindsor coat of arms technical specifications colour values colour reproduction typography size and spacing correct usage unit-specific guidelines shield as graphic the logo tools & templates advice & assistance approval contacts university of windsor the uwindsor logo the uwindsor logo the logo uses a traditional shield with three chevrons (v-shaped pattern) as first established in the university's 1964 coat-of-arms. within the chevrons are a fleur-de-lis, maple leaf, and lily with wings. these three icons were also present on the university's first coat-of-arms: the fleur-de-lis alludes to the historic origin of the seat of the university (windsor was settled by the french in 1749 and has a considerable french-canadian heritage); the maple leaf is, of course, the national symbol of canada; the lily with wings was on the original assumption university coat-of-arms and is a heraldry icon representing a religious tradition. departing from the traditional, the shield shape has been modernized with a rounded top and corners. this shape also echoes the shield used for lancer athletic teams. the chevrons have been designed, in shape and placement, to create the letter "w" in the white space of the shield, an obvious nod to our name. the five blue fields contained within the shield can also be seen as representing the five founding colleges: assumption, essex, canterbury, holy redeemer and iona. the university of windsor ?w? commands centre stage, and its strength is the foundation of our visual identity. the bands of blue and gold?or the ?bridge??that is woven through the ?w?, serve as a reminder of the ambassador bridge and our unique location on an international border. the bridge also represents the educational pathway of uwindsor students, and the relationships they forge with our faculty and staff, fellow students, and, after graduation, as alumni with their alma mater. the shield uses the traditional blue and gold colours that have been associated with the university since its founding. they were previously associated with assumption university and are the traditional colours of the lancer athletic teams. blue symbolizes water, calling to attention the university?s location in a community bordered by waterways: the detroit river and lakes erie and st. clair. white is the color in western culture most often associated with beginnings and the new, making it most appropriate for use in the visual symbol of an institution of learning, creativity and discovery. the wordmark is set in din a clean, simple and modern font. the use of a sans-serif, modern font balances the traditional feel of the shield. the words "university" and "windsor" are weighted equally with the idea that who we are is as important as where we are. the wordmark is dark grey, a more approachable option than black and a link to our current logo. in summary, the logo balances the traditional and modern. it speaks to our shared history while looking ahead to our collective future. it draws on our traditions and expresses our immense pride. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
