https://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/297/windsor-advantage
the windsor advantage | faculty of graduate studies skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of graduate studies about us future students current students faculty & staff funding graduate calendar grad studies news faculty of graduate studies about us / contacts about us / contacts winter term 2022 the windsor advantage our location more than a degree support graduate studies contact us about us / contacts winter term 2022 the windsor advantage our location more than a degree support graduate studies contact us follow us: follow us on twitter uwindsor home faculty of graduate studies about us / contacts the windsor advantage the windsor advantage our graduate student enrollment has increased by over 60% over the past 5 years and we are continuing to grow. why are students flocking to us from near and far? we call it the windsor advantage. program variety the university of windsor has more than 70 master's and doctoral programs in various disciplines, including the recently launched master of laws, master of engineering management, ph.d. in nursing and ph.d. in argumentation studies. quality of the student experience the size of our graduate school ensures individualized attention and means most students are able to work with the research supervisor of their choice. through close faculty mentorships, you will create independent, original research with meaningful real-world applications all while being supported by our array of student services. focus on student research and education excellence join one of ontario's fastest growing research institutions: our renowned faculty, widely published and known on an international level, are committed to engaging graduate students in research and education opportunities that are at the forefront of their disciplines. along the way, you will benefit from long-standing industry partnerships in windsor and north america and state-of-the-art research facilities, including the ambitious addition to our expanding campus, a $110-million, state-of-the-art centre for engineering innovation. researchers at uwindsor have earned recognition around the world. research chairs in various categories enable the university to attract and retain the brightest minds in research and scholarship in a variety of disciplines, providing the highest level of not only research but academic excellence also. our automated library system has more than three million volumes of print and microform materials and access to cd-rom databases. partnered with first-class computer resources include cad/ca, laboratories, networks, the windsor research data centre, and one of canada's first wireless campuses, students have all the tools they need to succeed in the classroom and in the lab. diversity and international flavour windsor offers a unique international student experience and annually attracts students from across canada and from more than 40 countries around the globe. we are located on the canada/us border in canada?s southernmost city, only 5 minutes from downtown detroit and within easy driving distance to toronto, chicago, and other major cities in ontario and the us. windsor is a safe, student-friendly, diverse canadian city that boasts one of canada's mildest climates and affordable living. funding programs the university boasts competitive funding programs to support both domestic and international students. share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter grad news your voice counts: take the canadian graduate and professional student survey faculty of graduate studies 2nd annual twitter-based graduate showcase: may 18 2022-23 nserc undergraduate student research awards (usra) deadlines for graduate scholarship competitions 2021-22 canada graduate scholarships - 2022 master's (cgs-m) competition for cihr, nserc or sshrc more news upcoming events last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 09:30 final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) wed, 04/06/2022 - 14:00 final oral defense: mitchell branget (m.f.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 final oral defense: cindy ly (m.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
