https://www.northeastern.edu/graduate/blog/tips-for-taking-online-classes
tips for taking online classes: 8 strategies for success join us online for our graduate open house on april 26 and 27. register today. join us online for our graduate open house on april 26 and 27. register today. search only programs degree programs explore degree programs phds professional doctorates master's certificates dual degrees all programs need help? get advice by study area analytics architecture art & music administration business communication & journalism computing & it digital media & design education & learning engineering humanities & social sciences law & criminology leadership management nursing & healthcare pharmacy & pharmaceutical sciences political science & security psychology & mental health public health & policy regulatory affairs science & mathematics tour campuses our campuses boston charlotte san francisco | bay area seattle toronto vancouver all campuses join us for graduate open house find out how to apply, schedule classes, secure financial aid and scholarships, and more at our virtual graduate open house on april 26 and 27. toronto explore northeastern?s first international campus in canada?s high-tech hub. our learning model our approach experiential learning research industry-aligned faculty global pathways program graduate academic options doctoral programs master?s and certificate programs lifetime learning membership research at northeastern, faculty and students collaborate in our more than 30 federally funded research centers, tackling some of the biggest challenges in health, security, and sustainability. lifelong learning network some of today?s most in-demand disciplines?ready for you to plug into anytime, anywhere with the professional advancement network. admissions information scholarships double husky scholarship fellowship opportunities full-circle scholarship military/yellow ribbon parent and family scholarship regional campus scholarship nu edge grant african students access scholarship admissions financial aid how to apply applying as an international student application process application checklist find out the steps you need to take to apply to your desired program. finance your education we offer a variety of resources, including scholarships and assistantships. news & events latest blog posts see all explore news by topic student & alumni stories grad school success online learning industry advice career advice faculty insights events homepage event event calendar featured post main menu article return to blog homepage tips for taking online classes: 8 strategies for success march 26, 2020 share on facebookshare on twittershare on linkedin in the past, earning a college degree meant physically attending in-person classes, which often posed challenges for working professionals or those with complicated schedules. now, thanks to advances in technology, it?s easier than ever to find a degree program that offers the flexibility you need, whether through traditional in-person classes, online learning, or a blend of the two. there are many advantages to online courses; they allow you to learn whenever, wherever, and however works best for you, making it easier to earn a degree while balancing work and family commitments. and without having to attend classes in person, online learning affords you access to top degree programs across the country that might have otherwise been inaccessible or highly inconvenient. online classes can present unique challenges, however, if you?re not prepared. but if you develop skills for effective online learning, you?ll find the courses can be an excellent alternative to a traditional classroom setting. here are some tips for online learning success to make sure you get the most value out of your next class. northeastern?s online learning experience learn what it?s like to take a class online, tips for excelling in an online learning environment, and more. watch the webinar tips for taking online classes if you?re considering taking online college courses (or you?re already enrolled in a program) the tips and advice below can help you address their unique challenges to get the most value out of your online program. 1. treat an online course like a ?real? course. when it comes to online classes, you need to have the discipline to sit down and say, ?i am going to work on this,? as well as the dedication to actually follow through. though you can be flexible as to when you choose to complete your work during the week, you can?t put it off indefinitely. one of the easiest ways to ensure follow through is to remember that you are paying to take this online course, just as you would for a traditional, in-person class. you must ?show up? if you?re going to get real value out of your class. treat your online classes the same way you would a face-to-face class?or, better yet, a job?and you?ll be off to the right start. 2. hold yourself accountable set goals at the beginning of the semester, and check in with yourself weekly. in a traditional classroom setting, you?ll often receive verbal or visual reminders of an assignment?s upcoming due date. but without a professor actively reminding you, it?s up to you to make sure you?ve allotted enough time to complete the work so you?re not starting an assignment the day before it?s due. if you?re having trouble holding yourself responsible, pair up with a fellow classmate, or enlist the help of a spouse or friend to check in as an accountability partner. by being organized, proactive, and self-aware, you can get the most from your online class even when life outside of school becomes chaotic. 3. practice time management. the flexibility to create your own schedule is often one of the biggest appeals of taking online classes. but that freedom can also be detrimental if you do not have solid time management skills. without them, you might easily to find yourself cramming before classes or handing in subpar assignments. though how you manage your time will depend on your schedule, learning style, and personality, here are some universally valuable tips to help you practice and improve your time management skills: look at the syllabus at the start of the semester and make note of major assignments. mark them on a calendar you check regularly so you know what workload is coming in the weeks ahead. don?t forget to factor in prior commitments that may interfere with your regular study schedule, such as weddings or vacations, so you can give yourself enough extra time to complete assignments. create a weekly schedule that you follow, designating certain hours each week to reading, watching lectures, completing assignments, studying, and participating in forums. commit to making your online coursework part of your weekly routine, and set reminders for yourself to complete these tasks. when working on your assignments, try time-blocking, allotting yourself a certain amount of time for each task before moving on to the next one and setting a timer to keep you accountable. check in periodically throughout the term, and look at how you?re spending your time. ask yourself: how much time am i dedicating to course reading and assignments? am i regularly underestimating the time it?s taking me to get things done, forcing me to cram the nights before the exams? a little self-reflection and adjustment can go a long way. 4. create a regular study space and stay organized. set up a dedicated learning environment for studying. by completing your work there repeatedly, you?ll begin to establish a routine. whether your workspace is your kitchen table, a library, or the corner booth in a local coffee shop, it?s important to determine what type of environment will work best for you. experiment to discover which type of setting boosts your productivity. wherever you choose, make sure there?s high-speed internet access so you?re not trying to take an online course over a lagging connection. setting up a regular workspace or office will also help you to stay organized. knowing exactly where important dates, files, forms, syllabi, books, and assignments live will help keep you on track towards hitting your goals. when setting up your study space, make sure you: have a high-speed internet connection have the required books, materials, and software for the course have headphones for listening to lectures or discussions (especially important in shared spaces) 5. eliminate distractions. from netflix to social media to dishes piling up in the skink, you?ll be faced with many distractions that can easily derail your studies. the best online students know how to lessen these distractions and set aside time to focus. exactly how much of a challenge these distractions will prove to be will depend on your own unique personality and situation. some might find that they can tune out a noisy home by listening to music. others might choose to work from a local coffee shop or library to eliminate their urge to multitask at home. ultimately, you will need to find a strategy that works best for you. regardless of where you choose to work, consider turning your cell phone off to avoid losing focus every time a text message or notification pops up. and if you?re still having trouble resisting the temptation to check your email or surf the web, try downloading a website blocker. using applications like cold turkey and freedom can help eliminate distractions by blocking the apps or websites that tend to compete for your attention, such as facebook and twitter. 6. figure out how you learn best once you?ve established where you?ll learn, think about when and how you accomplish your best work. if you?re a morning person, make time to study first thing. more of a night owl? set aside an hour or two after dinner to cozy up to your computer. if the kids require your morning and evening attention, try to carve out a study session mid-day while they?re at school. brew your usual cup of coffee, put on your go-to playlist, and do whatever you need to get into the zone and down to business. not everyone learns the same way, so think about what types of information help you best grasp new concepts and employ relevant study strategies. if you?re a visual learner, for example, print out transcripts of the video lectures to review. learn best by listening? make sure to build time into your schedule to play and replay all audio- and video-based course content. 7. actively participate. participate in the course?s online forum to help you better understand course materials and engage with fellow classmates. this might involve commenting on a classmate?s paper on a discussion board or posting a question about a project you?re working on. read what other students and your professor are saying, and if you have a question, ask for clarification. make sure you are checking in as often as you can, too. the flexibility of online learning means that if you have 30 minutes before dinner plans, you could squeeze in a discussion response around your schedule. set a goal to check in on the class discussion threads every day. and if you do feel yourself falling behind, speak up. don?t wait until an assignment is almost due to ask questions or report issues. email your professor and be proactive in asking for help. 8. leverage your network. online classes may sometimes make you feel like you are learning on your own, but this couldn?t be further from the truth. most online courses are built around the concept of collaboration, with professors and instructors actively encouraging that students work together to complete assignments and discuss lessons. build relationships with other students by introducing yourself and engaging in online discussion boards. your peers can be a valuable resource when preparing for exams or asking for feedback on assignments. don?t be afraid to turn to them to create a virtual study group. chances are good that they will appreciate it just as much as you will. practice makes perfect online classes are an excellent option to help you earn that degree you need to fulfill your goals. though they come with their own unique challenges, following the advice above can help you be successful even in the most chaotic of times. for more on how to be a successful online learner, explore our related online learning tips and advice posts, or watch the recorded webinar below. related articles how to organize your grad school search is earning a graduate certificate worth it? is a master?s degree worth it? did you know? advanced degree holders earn a salary an average 35% higher than bachelor's degree holders. (state higher education executive officers) northeastern university graduate programs explore our 150+ industry-aligned graduate degree and certificate programs. learn more most popular: tips for taking online classes: 8 strategies for success public health careers: what can you do with a master?s degree? 7 business careers you can pursue with a global studies degree edd vs. phd in education: what?s the difference? 7 must-have skills for data analysts in-demand biotechnology careers shaping our future the benefits of online learning: 7 advantages of online degrees how to write a statement of purpose for graduate school the best of our graduate blog?right to your inbox stay up to date on our latest posts and university events. plus receive relevant career tips and grad school advice. subscribe by providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy and terms of service. keep reading: analytics business career advice & advancement communications & digital media computing and it education engineering faculty insights featured featured grad school tips & advice healthcare industry advice leadership law & criminology management online learning tips, strategies & advice pharmaceutical science political science & security public health & public policy regulatory affairs science & mathematics student & alumni stories follow us: facebook twitter linkedin how does the yellow ribbon program work? march 30, 2022 - industry advice how to get your gi bill certificate of eligibility march 29, 2022 - industry advice graduate school scholarships for veterans march 28, 2022 - grad school tips & advice how does the yellow ribbon program work? march 30, 2022 - industry advice how to get your gi bill certificate of eligibility march 29, 2022 - industry advice career guide: how to become a project manager april 16, 2021 - featured
