http://www.uwindsor.ca/science/468/tips-learning-home
tips for learning at home | faculty of science skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi faculty of science academics academics academic advising undergraduate programs graduate programs departments and academic programs science certificate programs science transfer programs 9 tips for learning at home covid-19 uwin updates b.sc. chemistry major or honours b.sc. general science b.sc. honours biochemistry or honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours biological sciences b.sc. honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours chemistry and physics b.sc. honours computer information systems (and co-op) b.sc. honours computer science with honours software engineering specialization (and co-op) b.sc. honours environmental science b.sc. honours molecular biology and biotechnology b.sc. honours physics (medical physics) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (physics and high technology) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (and co-op) bachelor of arts economics general bachelor of arts economics honours bachelor of computer science (general) bachelor of computer science (honours & co-op) bachelor of computing science with honours applied computing (and co-op) bachelor of forensic science bachelor of mathematics (general and honours) and honours mathematics and statistics bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics and computer science) bachelor of science economics honours combined b.a. in forensics combined b.sc. honours program in behaviour, cognition and neuroscience concurrent general bachelor of mathematics/bachelor of education concurrent general bachelor of science/bachelor of education honours b.e.s. (bachelor of environmental studies) faq page academics academic advising undergraduate programs graduate programs departments and academic programs science certificate programs science transfer programs 9 tips for learning at home covid-19 uwin updates b.sc. chemistry major or honours b.sc. general science b.sc. honours biochemistry or honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours biological sciences b.sc. honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours chemistry and physics b.sc. honours computer information systems (and co-op) b.sc. honours computer science with honours software engineering specialization (and co-op) b.sc. honours environmental science b.sc. honours molecular biology and biotechnology b.sc. honours physics (medical physics) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (physics and high technology) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (and co-op) bachelor of arts economics general bachelor of arts economics honours bachelor of computer science (general) bachelor of computer science (honours & co-op) bachelor of computing science with honours applied computing (and co-op) bachelor of forensic science bachelor of mathematics (general and honours) and honours mathematics and statistics bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics and computer science) bachelor of science economics honours combined b.a. in forensics combined b.sc. honours program in behaviour, cognition and neuroscience concurrent general bachelor of mathematics/bachelor of education concurrent general bachelor of science/bachelor of education honours b.e.s. (bachelor of environmental studies) faq page follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin uwindsor home faculty of science academics tips for learning at home tips for learning at home tips for learning at home create a designated study area: choose an area in your house that?s away from noise and distractions and one that helps you be productive. by making this area your designated study area you will focus better as your brain starts associating this space with learning. eliminate distractions: at the start of your study session make sure your desk is cleared of any distractions and consider putting your phone and other electronic devices on silent or in another room. this way you?re not distracted by phone calls, texts, or tempted to keep checking your social media. you may even have urges to do things such as watching tv, cleaning your room, socializing with your family, so just make sure you take a deep breath and focus on the work at hand. create a schedule: while studying at home is more flexible, it can possess its own challenges. since you no longer have to be on campus at fixed times you may find yourself doing your normal activities at different times every day and this can often lead to unproductivity. it is very important to maintain a routine. create a schedule where you ?attend class?, study, take breaks, etc. at designated times. hold yourself accountable: be sure to make note of your major deadlines and set goals to make sure you are submitting assignments on time or are prepared for your tests. don?t be afraid to ask for help: the transition to online classes is very different and can often be frustrating. if you need help with anything, don't be afraid to reach out to your professors or gas! they are always willing to help you succeed. stay connected with your peers: make sure you?re staying connected with your friends, this can help reduce stress. creating virtual study groups on zoom, skype, google hangouts or other programs can help motivate you to study and make you feel less isolated. stay updated: make sure you?re reading your emails and keeping up with both the university of windsor and faculty of science http://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/ know your resources: while you may not be on campus, there are still plenty of resources available to you: academic advisors: contact information for department specific advisors can be found on your departments page and faculty of science faq page book an online session with the university of windsor academic advisors http://www.uwindsor.ca/success/advising download the myssp app http://www.uwindsor.ca/studentexperience/500/my-student-support-program student counselling services http://www.uwindsor.ca/studentcounselling/ student wellbeing portal https://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/377/wellbeing-portal sci for relief for more support resources http://www.uwindsor.ca/science/usci/301/sci-relief ?stay calm and positive: stay calm by doing something that helps you relax, celebrate the small victories and most importantly remember that tough situations won?t last forever. file attachments: attachment tips_for_learning_at_home.pdf tips_for_learning_at_home.docx share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin tweets by @scienceuwindsor tweets by scienceuwindsor share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
