https://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/2848/transfer-students
transfer to uwindsor the university of windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. learn more. support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar financial matters office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top menu search ask.uwindsor future students this is your time. transfer into your tomorrow transfer into your tomorrow apply now programs ask uwindsor live chat start your lancer journey herestart here back to top 1. explore undergraduate programs graduate programs certificate & diploma programs continuing education transfer students international students tuition / fee estimator student support services residence & food services experiential learning & co-op 2. connect (new) request custom viewbook request program information request materials meet our recruitment team live chat awards & financial aid meet our student ambassadors 3. visit book a campus tour virtual campus tour student experience 4. apply undergraduate international graduate education law continuing education english pathway program transfer student mature student part-time student 5. you're in! next steps plan your program head start orientation welcome week pay tuition campus map virtual campus tour helpful links important dates live chat ask.uwindsor virtual campus tour close explore agreements course equivalencies academic advising transfer scholarships faqs finish your degree windsor proud at uwindsor, we are committed to recognizing what you have already learned. we prioritize your most recent academic achievement when determining admissibility, and provide a full review of your previous courses for potential transfer credit after you are accepted at the university of windsor. explore agreements course equivalency database uwindsor's course equivalency database is for reference only and reflects courses previously assessed for transfer credit to the university of windsor. the database is updated regularly as courses are being reviewed on an ongoing basis. view our database you can also look through the ontransfer course transfer guide to see how courses completed at other ontario postsecondary institutions may be transferred to programs at uwindsor. admission requirements & eligibility i am transferring from... an ontario college of applied arts and technology (caat) diploma program a quebec coll?ge d'enseignement general et professionnel (c?gep) institution a canadian college (outside of ontario and quebec) a united states university or college an international institution (outside the united states) a canadian university degree program admission requirements for applicants at an ontario college of applied arts and technology (caat) diploma program applicants must have completed a minimum of one year of an ontario caat 2-year or 3-year diploma with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission. transfer applicants to competitive programs such as nursing and social work have additional supplemental application requirements. these programs are only available for fall entry and have specific application deadlines. an applicant from an undergraduate degree program at a college of applied arts and technology will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program.? canadian citizen and permanent resident transfer applicants who do not meet the stated admission requirements may be admissible as a mature student applicant specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or equivalent courses in post-secondary studies. see program pages for prerequisite information. learn more about provincial high school prerequisite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at a quebec coll?ge d'enseignement general et professionnel (c?gep) institution c?gep applicants will have more than 12 academic semester subjects, including two 603 or 604 series english courses and will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program.? transfer credit assessment will be completed for courses in excess of the 12 academic required courses for courses with a 60% grade or better, up to a maximum 10 transfer credits. specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or equivalent courses in post-secondary studies. see program pages for prerequisite information. learn more about provincial high school prerequisite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at a canadian college (outside of ontario & quebec) canadian college applicants coming from a vocational 2-year or 3-year diploma that is academic in nature will follow the same admissions requirements as ?an ontario college of applied arts and technology diploma program?, where they must have completed a minimum of one year with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission. applicants coming from a university preparatory program or undergraduate degree program will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program.? specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or equivalent courses in post-secondary studies. see program pages for prerequisite information. learn more about provincial high school prerequisite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at a united states university or college united states university or college applicants coming from a vocational 2-year or 3-year diploma that is academic in nature will follow the same admissions requirements as ?an ontario college of applied arts and technology diploma program?, where they must have completed a minimum of one year with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission. applicants coming from a university preparatory program or undergraduate degree program will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program.? specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or equivalent courses in post-secondary studies. see program pages for prerequisite information. learn more about provincial high school prerequisite equivalencies admission requirements for applicants at an international post secondary institution (outside of the united states) applicants coming from an accredited international post-secondary vocational 2-year or 3-year diploma that is academic in nature will follow the same admissions requirements as ?an ontario college of applied arts and technology diploma program?, where they must have completed a minimum of one year with a minimum cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) for admission.* applicants coming from an accredited international post-secondary undergraduate degree program will follow the same admissions requirements ?a canadian university degree program.?* specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or equivalent courses in post-secondary studies. see program pages for prerequisite information. *important notes: grades and cumulative averages are converted to equivalent ontario grades for evaluation purposes. in some cases, course-outlines will be requested to evaluate prerequisite course requirements for entry. translation is needed if the official documents are not in english and must be provided by an official translation service such as: world educational service or international education research foundation. for additional information for international students applying, please visit our international student website admission requirements for applicants at a canadian university degree program an applicant transferring from a 3-year or 4-year canadian university degree program with a minimum cumulative grade point average (cgpa) of 60% is eligible for general admission. the following faculties have higher minimum cgpa?s for transfer admission: odette school of business ? 67%, engineering ? 65%, social work ? 70% (including a supplementary competitive application and fall entry only) and nursing ? 75% (including a supplementary competitive application and fall entry only). a student who has been required to withdraw from their previous institution will not be accepted to the university of windsor during the period of their disbarment (typically 1-year). specific program prerequisite courses and stated averages must have been completed through high school or equivalent courses in post-secondary studies. see program pages for prerequisite information. transfer application and credit process 1 review our transfer pathways and course equivalency database. 2 apply to the university of windsor with the ouac 105 online application, which includes an evaluation fee. 3 follow the instructions in the acknowledgment email you receive to activate your uwin account. then sign in to uwinsite student to upload transcripts & other items on your to do list. 4 your initial assessment is based on our course equivalency database. you will be asked to submit course outlines for those not previously evaluated - view the guidelines. 5 your transfer credit results can be viewed on uwinsite student in your academic advising report or unofficial transcript after you?ve been activated for registration. 6 connect with an academic advisor for academic support or admissions for transfer credit support. application deadlines winter admission (january start): november 1st spring admission (may start): march 1st fall admission (september start): may 1st apply now watch our transfer to webinar! testimonials i was attracted to transferring to the university because of the increased opportunities, both academically and socially. all staff and faculty were willing to help and be supportive. when registering for courses i went to meetings designed to teach transfer nursing students how to function as a university student. when i had questions, i emailed or called a student success co-ordinator, and they were always a big help. the memories i have made here will stay with me forever. sarah moore nursing transfer student from st. clair college the bridge program between the university of windsor and st. clair college attracted me to transferring, as well as the diversity of the curriculum, proximity to home, developing relationships with like-minded peers and the opportunities to volunteer and grow as a young adult. i had so much support from each school which made the entire transfer process easy and stress free. the transfer advisors, administrators, and professors were all dedicated to help me succeed. nicholas triembacher business transfer student from st. clair college uwindsor?s transfer pathways & agreements find programs you could transfer into select your level of education: select college university search: ontario college pathways browse through the list below or search for your program name: college transfer students can expect the university of windsor to provide the most transfer credits possible. each application is evaluated individually to guarantee the appropriate credits are awarded and may result in more transferable credits. tc transfer credit pathway - transfer credits are assessed on an individual basis and based on minimum grades received in the equivalent courses against agreed upon defined equivalencies. dc degree completion pathway - degree completion recognizes the completion of a college diploma or university degree by granting admission into an upper year of a program with a defined block of credits, leaving a set number of courses to complete your degree. list of college programs, uwindsor degrees, the agreement terms and academic requirements for transfer students college program uwindsor degree agreement terms* academic requirements** college program: 2-year general arts & science diploma, liberal arts & science diploma, and equivalent diploma programs uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts agreement terms*: 10 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: credit is awarded for approved courses with a minimum grade of b (3.0) college program: 3-year child & youth care advanced diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts in disability studies agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (73%) or better college program: 2-year social service worker diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts or bachelor of social work agreement terms*: 10 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (3.0) or better. students will receive credit on the basis of a general approved course list or a specific approved course list with a minimum grade of c college program: diploma in developmental services worker, early childhood education, educational support, social service worker uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts in disability studies agreement terms*: 30 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b or better college program: 3-year theatre arts diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts in drama agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (3.0 or 75%) college program: 3-year music theatre performance diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts in drama agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (3.0 or 75%) college program: 3-year child & youth care advanced diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts in psychology (general) or child psychology agreement terms*: 15 transfer credits dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (73%) or better college program: 3-year child & youth care advanced diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts in psychology (honours, thesis) or developmental psychology (honours, thesis) agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (73%) or better college program: 2-year protection, security and investigation (psi) diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts or bachelor of social work agreement terms*: 15 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b or better college program: 3-year child & youth care advanced diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts or bachelor of social work agreement terms*: 15 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b (3.0) or better. students will receive credit on the basis of a general approved course list or a specific approved course list with a minimum grade of c college program: 2-year early childhood education diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts or bachelor of social work agreement terms*: 10 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b (3.0) or better. students will receive credit on the basis of a general approved course list or a specific approved course list with a minimum grade of c college program: 2-year developmental services worker diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts or bachelor of social work agreement terms*: 10 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: grade point average equivalent to b (3.0) or better. students will receive a credit on the basis of a general approved course list or for courses on a specific approved course list with a minimum grade of c college program: 3-year child & youth care advanced diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts or bachelor of social work agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (73%) or better college program: varying 2-year diploma programs uwindsor degree: liberal arts & professional studies (for career professionals) agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) or higher in final ten courses college program: varying 3-year advanced diploma programs uwindsor degree: liberal arts & professional studies (for career professionals) agreement terms*: 15 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 3.0 (70%) or higher in final ten courses college program: 3-year business advanced diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of commerce agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of 70% (b-) or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in accounting (from st. clair college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of commerce agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of b (70%, 3.0-3.49/4) college program: 3-year advanced diploma in any area other than business uwindsor degree: bachelor of commerce agreement terms*: 28 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of 70% (b-) or better college program: 2-year business diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of commerce agreement terms*: 30 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of a- (80%, 3.5/4) or better college program: 3-year business advanced diploma uwindsor degree: fast-track bachelor of commerce (honours business administration) agreement terms*: 17 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of a- (80%, 3.5/4) or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in accounting (from st. clair college) uwindsor degree: fast-track bachelor of commerce (honours business administration) agreement terms*: 17 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of a- (80%, 3.5/4) or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in finance uwindsor degree: fast-track bachelor of commerce (honours business administration) agreement terms*: 17 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of a- (80%, 3.5/4) or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in human resources (from st. clair college) uwindsor degree: fast-track bachelor of commerce (honours business administration) agreement terms*: 17 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of a- (80%, 3.5/4) or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in marketing (from st. clair college) uwindsor degree: fast-track bachelor of commerce (honours business administration) agreement terms*: 17 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of a- (80%, 3.5/4) or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in sport management (from durham college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of human kinetics (honours sport management and leadership) agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% or better. students must have passed each of their college courses with a grade equivalent to a b or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in sport and recreation administration (from lambton college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of human kinetics (honours sport management and leadership) agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% (b- or 3.0/4) or better. students must have passed each of their college courses with a grade equivalent to a b- or better college program: 3-year advanced diploma in sport and recreation management (from st. clair college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of human kinetics (honours sport management and leadership) agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of 70% (b- or 3.0/4) or better. students must have passed each of their college courses with a grade equivalent to a b- or better college program: 2-year diploma in fitness and health promotion (from st. clair college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of human kinetics (honours kinesiology ? movement science) agreement terms*: 15 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% (b- or 3.0/4) or better; 25 courses to complete degree. college program: 2-year fitness and health promotion diploma (fanshawe college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of human kinetics (honours kinesiology-movement science) agreement terms*: 25 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% (b- or 3.0/4). college program: 3-year advanced diploma in massage therapy (from lambton college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of human kinetics (honours kinesiology ? movement science) agreement terms*: 10 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: minimum cumulative average of b or better and a minimum cumulative grade of b or better for each college course or group of college courses for which transfer credit may be granted college program: 2-year diploma in recreation and leisure services (from fanshawe college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of human kinetics (honours kinesiology) agreement terms*: 10 transfer credits tc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b. students must pass the respective college courses with a grade of b- or better college program: nursing (from st. clair college or lambton college) uwindsor degree: direct application to bscn collaborative nursing program agreement terms*: years 1 and 2 completed at lambton college or st. clair college; years 3 and 4 completed at the university of windsor dc academic requirements**: (for year 1 entry to st. clair or lambton) cumulative average of 75% or higher. biology (sbi4u), chemistry (sch4u), english (eng4u), and any grade 12 math or courses that have been deemed equivalent. applicants not coming directly from an ontario high school must also complete and submit an applicant profile. transfer credits are assessed after admission to the bscn program. transfer to the university will happen as long as you are in good standing to complete years 3 and 4. college program: registered practical nurse (rpn) (from st. clair college or lambton college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of science in nursing agreement terms*: the students entering into the program at lambton college or st. clair college will receive credit for 12 courses towards the bscn. they will complete an additional 14 courses at lambton college or st. clair college that are a combination of year one and year two collaborative nursing course requirements. dc academic requirements**: qualified students will be given one year of credit for their previously completed two-year diploma in practical nursing that includes all relevant clinical experiences. each student who enters the program will complete accredited courses from years one and two of the collaborative nursing program at lambton college or st. clair college. the courses that have been selected bridge the gap between what was previously studied and what needs to be completed to enter year three at the university of windsor to complete the bscn. students will be required to demonstrate competency with their health assessment skills prior to entering their first clinical experience in the program. college program: 1-year pre-health science-nursing certficate (from st. clair college or lambton college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of science in nursing agreement terms*: no transfer credits - admission to bscn program considered academic requirements**: english (eng4u) (with a minimum grade of 65%), chemistry (sch4u), biology (sbi4u), and one grade 12 math. 80% minimum second average required for chemistry and biology. approximately 120 students are admitted each fall. 10-12% of those 120 seats are available for students not coming directly from an ontario high school. minimum grade point average of 2.7 (b) and a minimum average of 2.7 (b) in bio 120, bio 105, chm 125 and chm 225, will be considered for admission to the bscn program. college program: 3-year advanced diploma in technology from a canadian college (or an equivalent overseas institution) uwindsor degree: bachelor of engineering technology (engineering technology general & mechatronics) agreement terms*: 15 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% for canadian colleges (caat or equivalent) cumulative average of 80% and minimum english language requirement as per university policy for international colleges (equivalent to caat?s advanced diploma) college program: 3-year advanced diploma in technology from a canadian college (or an equivalent overseas institution) uwindsor degree: bachelor of engineering technology (civil & mechanical) agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% for canadian colleges (caat or equivalent) cumulative average of 80% and minimum english language requirement as per university policy for international colleges (equivalent to caat?s advanced diploma) college program: 2-year diploma in police foundations uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts or bachelor of social work agreement terms*: 10 transfer credit tc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of 73% (b) or better. advanced function (mhf4u), biology (sbi4u) secondary school prerequisite courses or equivalents or completion of uwindsor preparation program college program: 2-year computer science-related program uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts honours economics - applied economics and policy stream agreement terms*: 23 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b or better and at least a grade of b- in specified college courses college program: 2-year business-related program uwindsor degree: bachelor of arts honours economics - applied economics and policy stream agreement terms*: 21 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of 73% (b) or better. advanced functions (mhf4u) secondary school prerequisite course or equivalent college program: 3-year advanced diploma (or equivalent) in computer science or information technology uwindsor degree: bachelor of computer science (honours applied computing) agreement terms*: 25 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b (73% or 3.0). advanced functions (mhf4u) and calculus & vectors (mcv4u) or equivalent recommended college program: 2-year diploma in computer systems technology - networking (from st. clair college) uwindsor degree: bachelor of computer science (honours applied computing) agreement terms*: 15 courses to complete degree (for general degree)dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b (73% or 3.0) college program: 2-year computer science-related diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of computer science (honours applied computing) agreement terms*: up to 8 transfer credits. 32 courses to complete degree tc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% (b-) or better for admission requirement college program: 3-year advanced computer science-related program uwindsor degree: bachelor of computer science (general) agreement terms*: 15 courses required to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of b (73% or 3.0). advanced functions (mhf4u) and calculus & vectors (mcv4u) or equivalent strongly recommended college program: 2-year computer science-related diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of computer science (general) agreement terms*: up to 8 transfer credits. 22 or more courses to complete degree tc academic requirements**: cumulative average of 70% (b-) or higher. advanced functions (mhf4u) secondary school prerequisite courses or equivalent college program: 2-year environmental technician diploma or 2-year forestry technician diploma uwindsor degree: bachelor of science honours environmental science - applied environmental science stream agreement terms*: 20 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of 73% (b) or better. advanced functions (mhf4u), chemistry (sch4u) and biology (sbi4u) secondary school prerequisite courses or equivalents or completion of uwindsor preparation program college program: 3-year advanced diploma in chemical labaratory technology uwindsor degree: bachelor of science honours chemistry - applied chemistry stream agreement terms*: 18 courses to complete degree dc academic requirements**: cumulative average grade of 73% (b) or higher for additional information on the information provided above, please see the academic calendar or contact an academic advisor *defines the minimum number of transfer credits earned (transfer credit pathway) with the required incoming grades, or the number of courses to complete the uwindsor degree (degree completion). **entrance gpas and requirements are defined in the uwindsor academic calendar and vary by program and faculty. most programs require a minimum of 70% or 73% entrance average, with ?fast-track? programs requiring a minimum 80%, although are listed in varying grade scales including letter grades and the 4.0 scale. conversion of different gpa systems will be completed by the office of the registrar equitably. university transfer students university transfer students can expect the university of windsor to provide the most transfer credits possible. each application is evaluated individually to guarantee the appropriate credits are awarded. list of university transfer pathways university degree uwindsor degree agreement terms academic requirements any bachelor?s degree in an area other than business administration bachelor of commerce 24 courses to complete degree cumulative average of 67% or better (usually based on the grades achieved in the last 20 degree courses). completion of at least one university-level math prior to entry. applicants who do not present a university mathematics course will be required to take math-1980 (mathematics for business) engineering degree from an accredited canadian university (or an equivalent overseas institution) bachelor of engineering technology - general & mechatronics 15 courses to complete degree engineering degree from an accredited canadian university (or an equivalent overseas institution) bachelor of engineering technology - mechanical & civil 20 courses to complete degree 4-year university degree in a scientific technical subject from a canadian university (or an equivalent overseas institution) bachelor of engineering technology - general & mechatronics 15 courses to complete degree 4-year university degree in a scientific technical subject from a canadian university (or an equivalent overseas institution) bachelor of engineering technology - mechanical & civil 20 courses to complete degree 3-year general, 4-year major or 4-year honours degree from a discipline other than computer science bachelor of computer science (general) 16 courses to complete degree 3-year general or 4-year honours bachelor?s degree bachelor of computer science (honours applied computing) 15 courses to complete degree advanced functions (mhf4u), introductory calculus, and geometry and discrete mathematics, or equivalent courses for additional information on the information provided above, please see the academic calendar or contact an academic advisor mature students mature students bring a unique collection of previous learning and work experience. each mature student is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. to be considered as a mature student you must be a canadian citizen or permanent resident at the time of the application and 20 years of age prior to the proposed date of enrolment. as well it is a requirement that you have not been in full time attendance at a secondary school within the previous two years. all mature students must submit a letter of application. list of mature students transfer pathways ontario high school requirements applicants who possess an ontario secondary school diploma (oss diploma) or equivalent and do not meet current minimum academic admission requirements. (applicants who have not completed an oss diploma equivalent may be considered for admission based on the information provided in their letter of application.) list of mature students transfer pathways caat program applicants who may have attended an ontario college of applied arts and technology (caat) for one or more semesters with a cumulative average between a c- (60%) and a c+ (69%). applicants to the odette school of business require a minimum cumulative average of 67%. post secondary course equivalencies use our course equivalency database to learn more about possible transfer credits available to you from higher education institutions in canada & the united states view the database high school transfer credits international baccalaureate equivalencies applicants presenting ib credentials can receive transfer credit for approved courses where they have achieved ib grades of '5' or more, to a maximum of 10 courses. completion of the diploma is not a prerequisite for receiving transfer credit. an official final ib transcript should be submitted by the ibo examining board to the office of the registrar through transcripts@uwindsor.ca these results can be requested online at the international baccalaureate office. advanced placement equivalency table course title level uw equivalency uw course title astronomy hl phys-1000 introduction to astronomy i biology hl biol-1101 + biol-1111 cell biology + biological diversity biology sl biol-1101 cell biology business & management hl sten-1000 introduction to business business & management sl not transferable chemistry sl chem-1100 general chemistry i chemistry hl chem-1100 + chem-1110 general chemistry i + general chemistry ii computer science sl comp-1xxx 1st year computer science course computer science hl comp-1xxx 1st year computer science course economics hl econ-1100 + econ-1110 intro to economics i & ii english a: language & literature hl engl-1xxx 1st year english course environmental systems hl esci-1xxx 1st year environmental science course film hl cmaf-1120 + cmaf-1400 introduction to media & design + introduction to film studies food science and technology hl not transferable fran?ais langue a: langue et litt?rature hl fren-1410 introduction to literary studies french language b sl fren-1210 french language training 1 geography hl sosc-1xxx 1st year social science course global politics hl pols-1600 introduction to international relations history hl hist-1xxx 1st year history course history (history in americas) hl hist-1xxx 1st year history course information technology in a global society hl comp-1xxx 1st year computer science course language (english) a: literature hl gart-1510 effective writing ii marine science hl biol-1xxx 1st year biology course mathematical studies sl math-1xxx 1st year math course mathematics sl math-1xxx 1st year math course mathematics hl math-1720 differential calculus mathematics: analysis and approaches sl math-1xxx 1st year math course mathematics: analysis and approaches hl math-1720 + math-1xxx differential calculus + 1st year math course mathematics: applications & interpretation hl math-1xxx + math-1xxx two 1st year math courses mathematics: applications & interpretation sl not transferable music advanced standing see music program regulations for advanced standing music hl musc-1xxx + musc-1xxx two 1st year music courses philosophy hl phil-1xxx 1st year philosophy course physics hl phys-1300 + phys-1310 introductory physics for life sciences i & ii physics sl phys-1300 introductory physics for life sciences i psychology hl psyc-1150 introduction to psychology as a behavioural science sciences: sports, exercise and health science hl kine-1xxx 1st year kinesiology course social & cultural anthropology hl sacr-1100 foundations of social life spanish hl span-1xxx 1st year spanish course sports, exercise & health science sl humk-1xxx 1st year human kinetics course visual arts hl vsar-1060 studio practice & ideas/image world religions hl gart-1xxx 1st year arts course advanced placement equivalencies transfer credit is provided for the following list of approved courses if a student achieves a grade of ?4? or more for ap courses, up to a maximum of 10 courses. official ap college board results should be sent directly from the college board to transcripts@uwindsor.ca or by mail referencing the student's name and student number. these must be received before transfer credit can be considered. request college board results. advanced placement equivalency table ap course uw equivalency uw course title ap physics 1: algebra-based phys-1300 introductory physics for life sciences i ap physics 2: algebra-based phys-1310 introductory physics for life sciences ii ap physics c: electricity and magnetism phys-1410 introductory physics ii ap physics c: mechanics phys-1400 introductory physics i ap art history macs-2140 + macs-2150 survey of art history: ancient-medieval + survey of art history: renaissance-modern ap biology biol-1101 + biol-1111 cell biology + biological diversity ap calculus ab math-1720 + math-1xxx differential calculus + 1st year math elective ap calculus bc math-1720 + math-1730 differential calculus + integral calculus ap chemistry chem-1xxx 1st year chemistry elective ap chinese language & culture gart-1xxx 1st year arts elective ap computer science a + ap computer science ab comp-1400 introduction to algorithms and programming i ap english language and composition engl-1001 composition ap english language and composition engl-1002 writing about literature ap environmental science esci-1100 introduction to environmental science ap european history hist-1xxx 1st year history elective ap french language and culture fren-1210 + fren-1220 french language training i & ii ap french literature gart-1xxx + gart-1xxx two 1st year arts electives ap german language and culture incs-1xxx 1st year german elective ap government and politics: comparative pols-1300 comparative politics in a changing world ap government and politics: united states pols-2320 government and politics of the united states ap human geography sosc-1xxx 1st year social science elective ap italian language and culture itln-1xxx 1st year italian elective ap japanese language and culture gart-1xxx 1st year arts elective ap latin literature latn-4200 directed readings in latin literature ap latin: vergil latn-4200 directed readings in latin literature ap latin: vergil latn-4200 directed readings in latin literature ap macroeconomics econ-1100 intro to economics i ap microeconomics econ-1110 intro to economics ii ap music literature not transferable ap music theory musc-1120 + musc-1130 music theory i + music theory ii ap psychology psyc-1150 introduction to psychology as a behavioural science ap spanish language and culture span-2600 culture and civilization of spain ap spanish language and culture span-1xxx 1st year spanish elective ap statistics stat-2910 statistics for sciences ap studio art drawing vsar-1070 studio practice & ideas/drawing ap studio art: 2d design not transferable ap studio art: 3d design not transferable ap united states history hist-1xxx 1st year history elective ap world history hist-1xxx 1st year history elective frequently asked questions about transferring to uwindsor application process how long does the evaluation take? the transfer credit evaluation process can take up to 3-4 weeks to complete and post to the student records from the time the course outlines have been received. i took some post-secondary courses 10 years ago. will they still transfer? yes, we will recognize courses completed in the past but considered on an individual basis and some form of course documentation must be provided. please review the course outline guidelines. is there a minimum grade for transfer credit? transfer credit is granted at a minimum grade of 60% for university level / undergraduate degree program courses and 70% for college level / diploma program courses. who evaluates my transfer credit application? the admissions and records officer that is assigned to your application process is point person responsible for evaluating your transfer credits. additional staff in the office of the registrar and in each faculty will be involved in the process of new course evaluations as required, but the primary point of contact is the admissions and records officer for any inquiries. how do i request a letter of permission? lops are requested through your admissions officer by completing the letter of permission application. the form provides the necessary information required and delivery requirements to have the form processed. please allow for 2 weeks to process. the lop must be approved prior to course registration at the school you wish to take the course(s) to ensure transfer credit will be granted upon completion of the course. how do i view my transfer credits on my uwinsite account? transfer credits processed at the time of admission will be present on the letter of admission. transfer credit that is processed after the time of admission can be viewed once the students uwinsite account is activated for registration, typically 2-3 weeks prior to the start of registration for a term. to view your transfer credits, log into your uwinsite account and click on the tab titled, ?transfer credits?. after receiving transfer credit i disagree with the transfer credit decision i received. can i request a reassessment? how do i appeal a transfer credit decision? a transfer credit appeal form must be completed and submitted to the registrars office along with additional new supporting course documentation that supports the appeal above and beyond what was originally provided and the original course outline. i received an unspecified transfer credit (e.g., psyc-1xxx) but wanted a specific transfer credit required for my program (e.g., psyc-1150). why was the course not granted this specific credit? our faculty subject matter evaluators (sme?s) determine credit based on an extensive review of the documentation provided, focussing on course content, learning outcomes, credit weight, number of contact hours and often topics and assignments. if these do not well align to a specific uwindsor course, then an unspecified elective course credit will be issued. there may be an opportunity to be eligible for a course substitution. please see an academic advisor from your respective program to review your transfer credits and academic advising report to determine what your options. what can i do with an unspecified elective course transfer credit? an unspecified elective course credit (anything that ends in 1xxx, 2xxx, 3xxx, or 4xxx) will be applied towards other/elective requirements for your degree on your academic advising report. depending on your degree requirements, not all transfer credit granted will align with your degree requirements. it is strongly advised that the student meet with an academic advisor. if i received a transfer credit but i would prefer to take the course, can i do that? no, you cannot decline transfer credit; however, you can repeat a course that you earned transfer credit for at uwindsor if you so wish and have the grade you earned in the course count towards your academic records in place of the transfer credit. can i transfer credits from one degree to another? if you wish to transfer to another uwindsor degree program, your credits earned through transfer credit or through courses taken here will be aligned to your new academic advising report for the new degree program. in some unique cases, some credits that are specific to a faculty may be reassessed. not all previously awarded transfer credits may apply to the new degree requirements. it is strongly advised that the student meet with an academic advisor. what does a no rule status mean? the course from the previously attended institution has not been previously evaluated by uwindsor for course equivalency and requires review by the appropriate faculty subject matter evaluators (sme?s) to determine transfer credit eligibility and course equivalency. students are still eligible to apply for admission and transfer credit assessment past these deadlines up until the start of the term; however, a late application may not receive their transfer credit information prior to registration. this may lead to challenge in determining your course selection and academic plan. general faqs what is the difference between degree completion (dc) and transfer credit (tc) pathways? degree completion recognizes the completion of a college diploma or university degree by granting admission into an upper year of a specific windsor program with a defined block of credits, leaving a set number of course requirements to achieved to complete your degree. transfer credits are university or college courses completed at another institution and applied towards the requirements of a degree at a different post secondary institution. how long will it take to get my degree? the number of transfer credits received and how those credits align to your specific degree requirements listed in the academic calendar will determine how long it takes to complete the degree. alignment of the credits to your degree can be viewed on your uwinsite student account in your academic advising report. it is strongly advised that the student meet with an academic advisor. what can i use my transfer credits towards? transfer credits will be applied against courses in your degree requirements. if transfer credit was granted for specific uwindsor courses and those are part of your degree requirements, then these will be recognized your in academic advising report on your uwinsite student account automatically. transfer credit for specific uwindsor courses or unspecified elective courses (anything that ends in 1xxx, 2xxx, 3xxx, or 4xxx) will be applied to appropriate elective requirements in your academic advising report. it is important to understand that sometimes not all transfer credit granted will align with your degree requirements. it is strongly advised that the student meet with an academic advisor. what are my important deadlines? suggested deadlines to submit an application for admission as a transfer student are may 1st for fall semester and november 1st for winter semester, and march 1st for the spring semester. who can i talk to if i have questions about the transfer process and/or my transfer credits? please submit a service request via ask.uwindsor.ca are there scholarships for transfer students? see the financial aid page have more questions? we're here to help! ask a question through live chat virtual coffee with a student recruiter search our knowledge base articles @ ask.uwindsor learn more sign up to receive more information about transferring to the univeristy of windsor! first name* last name email address* i am...* please selectcurrently studying at high schoollooking to advance or change careertaking a gap yearcurrently studying at a collegecurrently applying to study at uwindsorcurrently studying at uwindsorcurrently studying at another universitya careers/employment advisor or teachera parent or friend enquiring on behalf of someonecurrently working at uwindsorcurrently working at another educational institution mobile phone apply to uwindsor step by step: how to apply applying to a program can be a confusing process, we made this page to help you along the way. if at any point you need help feel free to reach out to us through ask.uwindsor. apply programs events & webinars connect with us: attend a webinar, book an appointment with a student recruiter or sign-up for an upcoming event! guided virtual tour: take a campus tour with a current uwindsor student questions? need help? there are multiple ways to connect with uwindsor to ask questions virtual coffee with a student recruiter: make an appointment to talk with a student recruiter ask.uwindsor live chat: ask our student recruitment team questions in real time ask.uwindsor: search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions emergency services for students
