https://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/498/undergraduate-admission-requirements
undergraduate admission requirements | office of the registrar skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the registrar office of the registrar undergraduate admissions home covid-19 updates academic calendars timetable information uwinsite student transfer students fee estimator where do i pay? testing centre maintaining conditional offer of admission change of program/major apply as a returning student change of name degree verification examinations forms and applications for students forms for faculty/staff notice of disclosure registration information request a transcript service fees grade processing contact us graduation and convocation home covid-19 updates academic calendars timetable information uwinsite student transfer students fee estimator where do i pay? testing centre maintaining conditional offer of admission change of program/major apply as a returning student change of name degree verification examinations forms and applications for students forms for faculty/staff notice of disclosure registration information request a transcript service fees grade processing contact us graduation and convocation uwindsor home office of the registrar undergraduate admissions undergraduate admission requirements undergraduate admission requirements covid-19 continues to disrupt education across the globe. in acknowledgement of these challenges, accommodations have been made to the university of windsor's undergraduate admissions requirements for international and domestic students. as this situation continues, we will update our accommodated requirements to reflect how final grades and secondary school credentials will be evaluated and awarded. for exam-based systems of study that have cancelled exams, this will not exempt you from satisfying your offer conditions, laid out in your offer of admission letter. the university of windsor will accept final results issued by your school or board based on the adjusted assessment methods. please review the current accommodated admissions requirements below. canadian ontario the ontario ministry of education has allowed schoolboards to deliver secondary school education in multiple varying in-person and online formats. the ministry has also managed through varying regional and province-wide shutdowns of schools. measures to continue education online to ensure that grade 12 to post-secondary education bound students can complete their requirements have continued. the ministry has mobilized the ontario schoolboards in cooperation with the ontario university applications center (ouac) to collect interim, midterm and final marks as it aligns with the unique term layouts implemented across the schoolboards. where interim grades for final quad-mester and octo-mester terms are not available in may, the university of windsor will use whatever grades are available to complete all application evaluations. midterm, interim and final results issued by your schoolboard under any adjusted measures to compensate for the covid-19 disruption will be accepted and evaluated by the university of windsor. completion of your ontario secondary school diploma (ossd) is required with six grade 12 u, m or d courses, including eng4u, along with the appropriate minimum averages and pre-requisite requirements for the program(s) applied to. for specific admission requirements by program, please visit https://future.uwindsor.ca/course-equivalence-by-canadian-province. canada ? outside of ontario (out-of-province) across canada, high school has been disrupted periodically similar to ontario, including in some cases the cancellation of grade 12 exams, or allowing final exams to be optional in the assessment of final results. due to this, final results issued by the respective provincial or territory ministry of education as adjusted to compensate for the continued covid-19 disruptions will be accepted and evaluated by the university of windsor. completion of your high school diploma is required, along with the appropriate minimum averages and pre-requisite requirements for the program applied to. for quebec (c?gep) applicants, completion of the first year of a general program with a minimum of 12 semester subjects is required. pass/fail grades will also be accepted for general admission and pre-requisite requirements if no other form of final grades is available from your school. for specific admission requirements by province, please visit learn.uwindsor.ca/course-equivalence. general international high school and post-secondary systems covid-19 is continuing to disrupt the progress of secondary and post-secondary education all across the world. any delays or cancelations of final examinations, issuing of final grades and credentials, will not preclude you from satisfying your offer conditions. final results issued by your school or board based on the adjusted assessment methods implemented will be accepted by the university of windsor. pass/satisfactory grades will also be accepted for general admission and pre-requisite requirements if no other form of final grades available from your school. for high school students, the completion of your high school diploma is required, along with the appropriate minimum averages and pre-requisite requirements for the program applied to. for post-secondary applicants who present courses with adjusted grading schemes or grades completed through adjusted assessment methods, evaluation of transfer credit for these courses will be considered on a case-by-case basis. international country specific china to date, no cancellations or delays have been made to any british-based education systems; however, any cancellation of the chinese national university entrance exams (gaokao, ??) will not exempt you from satisfying your offer conditions. completion of the senior high school graduation or upper middle school diploma is required, along with the appropriate minimum averages and pre-requisite requirements for the program applied to. the chinese university entrance examination (gaokao, ??) is only necessary if the diploma and senior grades were not completed. final results issued by your school or board based on adjusted assessment methods will be accepted by the university of windsor. pass/fail grades will also be accepted for general admission and pre-requisite requirements if no other form of final grades is available from your school. india on june 1st, 2021, it was announced that the cbse class xii board exams will be cancelled altogether. many state boards are expected to follow. it is expected that the final class xii marks could be calculated on the basis of performance in internals and past three-year performance. as this situation continues, we will update our accommodated requirements to reflect how your final results and secondary credentials will be evaluated. cancellation of the class xii final examinations will not prevent you from satisfying your offer conditions. final results issued by your school or board based on any adjusted assessment methods will be accepted by the university of windsor. pass/fail grades will also be accepted for general admission and pre-requisite requirements if no other form of final grades is available. completion of the all indian senior school certificate, indian school certificate, or higher secondary certificate is required, along with the appropriate minimum averages and pre-requisite requirements for the program applied to. nigeria ? west africa examination council (waec) on april 9th, 2021, it was announced that the may/june 2021 exams will be postponed and now held from august 16th, 2021 to september 30th, 2021. as this situation continues, we will update our accommodated requirements to reflect how your final results and secondary credentials will be evaluated. if cancellation of the waec exams is later determined, it will not exempt you from satisfying your offer conditions. final results issued by the waec on any adjusted assessment methods will be accepted by the university of windsor. pass/fail grades will also be accepted for general admission and pre-requisite requirements if no other form of final grades is available. if you would prefer to hold your application so you can complete the final examination(s) when the option is available, we will defer your application to the next available starting term. please submit a request through ask.uwindsor.ca, including your uwindsor student number and specifying you would like to defer your application due to the delay in your secondary school exams. completion of the waec results is required, with a b3 minimum average of the top 5 academic subjects, including english, along with the appropriate minimum averages and pre-requisite requirements for the program applied to. submission of the scratch card information is required to verify the waec results online. conditional admission is possible based on ss3 along with predicted/mock exam grades provided by the school. united states the covid-19 pandemic has been disruptive to education systems across the united states and adjustments in delivery and assessments are occurring in various formats across the country. due to this, final results issued by your school or board based on the adjusted assessment methods implemented will be accepted and evaluated by the university of windsor. completion of your high school diploma is required, including 6 senior level courses, along with the appropriate minimum averages and pre-requisite requirements for the program applied to. pass/fail grades will also be accepted for general admission and pre-requisite requirements if no other form of final grades is available from your school. applicants are not required to submit sat scores for admissions purposes. language proficiency toefl ibt? home edition ets has made this online solution for students who have been impacted by the coronavirus a permanent option to take the toefl ibt? test. testing is conducted through live remote proctoring serviced by proctoru?. this solution is available in all countries currently, excluding mainland china and iran. further information is available at https://www.ets.org/s/cv/toefl/at-home/. english proficiency requirements for the toefl ibt? home edition are equal to the scores required of the standard toefl ibt?. undergraduate students require a minimum overall score of 83 a minimum writing score of 20. duolingo english test (det) the det is a measure of english language proficiency designed for maximum accessibility. it is delivered via the internet, without a testing center, and is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. it is a computer-adaptive test (cat), and it uses item types that provide maximal information about english language proficiency. to meet the minimum english proficiency requirements for entry, undergraduate applicants must achieve a minimum score of 120 on the det. any older format duolingo test, which is any duolingo test that predates july 15, 2019 will not be considered. students utilizing duolingo must select the university of windsor in their duolingo account to allow our admissions team access to the score for verification; a student can log in into their duolingo account to update this information at any time. for more information, please see: https://englishtest.duolingo.com/edu canadian academic english language (cael) assessment online cael represents language use in an academic context, and cael test takers can demonstrate their language skills with this integrated test. cael online can be safely taken from home and is overseen by a secure, online proctoring solution through examity, anywhere in canada, mexico, and the united states. cael online includes the same test format, content, and reporting scale as the cael test that is delivered in cael test centres. to meet the minimum english proficiency requirements for entry, undergraduate applicants require a minimum score of 60, and graduate applicants must achieve a minimum score of 70 on the cael online assessment. for more information, please see: https://www.cael.ca/take-cael/overview/online. university of windsor english language improvement program (elip) we encourage you to investigate all available language testing providers, including ielts, toefl, pearson, cael, duolingo, etc., in determining an appropriate solution to achieve your english language proficiency requirement. individuals who obtain a lower than acceptable score may be granted conditional admission, including options for completing our elip pathway. if you have specific questions, please contact applyesl@uwindsor.ca. international baccalaureate (ib) for admissions: in some jurisdictions, the announced cancellation of the may 2021 international baccalaureate diploma program (ibdp) examinations will not exempt an applicant from satisfying their offer conditions. final results issued by the ibo based on adjusted assessment methods will be accepted by the university of windsor, including utilizing predicted assessments for conditional offers. an applicant must satisfy any revised ibdp requirements, including successful minimum passing of 6 subjects, with a minimum of 3 subjects at the higher level and a minimum overall score of 24 and any course-specific minimum grade requirements must also be met. prerequisite requirements for the ib curriculum can be found here. applicants who are also completing a provincial or national high school program will be considered for admission on the basis of their high school program results. for transfer credit: applicants presenting ib courses under any revised ibdp requirements have the option at the point of admission of receiving transfer credit for approved courses, where they have achieved ib grades/scores of ?6? or more to a maximum of 10 courses (30 credit hours). applicants presenting ib courses following the standard exam requirements will have the option at the point of admission of receiving transfer credit for approved courses, where they have achieved ib grades/scores of ?5?. advanced placement (ap) curriculum for admissions: applicants who participate in the ap curriculum are required to complete a high school program in their respective country or region to be considered for admission on the basis of the high school program. your admission average will be calculated using final grades in six senior level academic courses, along with assessment of any specific program pre-requisite requirements. if final grades are unavailable due to the covid-19 pandemic, current grades will be accepted as final grades. for transfer credit: applicants presenting ap credentials with any adjusted assessment methods will have the option at the point of admission of receiving transfer credit for approved courses where they have completed the course and achieved an ap grade of ?5?, to a maximum of 10 courses (30.0 credit hours). applicants presenting ap courses following the standard exam requirements will have the option at the point of admission of receiving transfer credit for approved courses, where they have achieved ap grades/scores of ?4?. british patterned education-general certificate of education (gce) for admissions: to date, no cancellations or delays have been made to any british-based education systems; however, any cancellation of the may and june advanced level examinations will not exempt you from satisfying your offer conditions. final results issued by your exam board(s) based on any adjusted assessment methods will be accepted by the university of windsor. an applicant must present five passes of different academic subjects on the gce or alternatives (e.g., gcse - general certificate of secondary education, igcse - international general certificate of secondary education), including english, with at least two at the advanced (a) level, or four at the advanced supplementary (as) level. for transfer credit: applicants who receive a ?b? grade based on the adjusted assessment methods will be considered for transfer credit for those courses that have been assessed as equivalent to specified or unspecified university of windsor courses and are relevant to the student?s academic program. applicants presenting a-level courses following the standard exam requirements and who receive a ?c? grade based on the adjusted assessment methods will be considered for transfer credit. university / college students (transfer) post-secondary education across the world has been disrupted and many institutions have implemented various adjusted measures for assessment, grading and completion of school terms starting in 2020 and continuing in 2021. due to this, the final results issued by your respective post-secondary institutions will be accepted and evaluated by the university of windsor for admission. this includes admission into all pathway and articulation programs. for students enrolled in a degree completion program (i.e., transfer pathway or articulation agreement) between the university of windsor and any college of applied arts and technology or university, any aegrotat, pass/fail, and/or credit granted grades on a final transcript will be accepted in satisfying admission conditions into an approved pathway program, including the granting of all transfer credits outlined within the pathway. for the evaluation of individual transfer credits not contained within a pathway program, the university of windsor will not accept aegrotat, pass/fail, and/or credit granted grades for assessment from any caat or equivalent. individually evaluated transfer credits from a university may be accepted if the aegrotat, pass/fail, and/or credit granted grades from the incoming institution and program required at least a 60% mark for the credit to be granted. share tweet save upcoming events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing wed, 04/06/2022 masters of management: last day of winter classes for masters of management classes fri, 04/08/2022 registration for undergrad opens in uwinsite student for inter-session / summer 2022 mon, 04/11/2022 grad: last date to nominate external examiner for phd defenses, for students who plan to graduate at spring 2022 convocation tue, 04/12/2022 revised: law: last day of winter classes for law thu, 04/14/2022 view event calendar share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
