http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2017-06-07/undergraduates-go-tropical-course-credit
undergraduates go tropical for course credit | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews dean of science chris houser (centre) illustrates the formation of ocean rip currents to students brianna lunardi and nathanyel guimond. undergraduates go tropical for course credit jun 8th, 2017 after two weeks in costa rica with the dean of science, 11 undergraduate students earned two science course credits in the new global perspectives of science program. ?the fact that i, as uwindsor?s dean of science, could take a small group to the jungles and beaches of costa rica to study natural hazards for bona fide course credit, is a testament to our faculty to student ratio of 1:15,? says chris houser, who is also a professor in the department of earth and environmental sciences. from may 7 to 21, undergraduates enrolled in environmental field methods and the natural hazards of costa rica spent their time working with dr. houser on his research into rip currents. on both the pacific and caribbean coasts of costa rica, the students mapped the rip currents and surveyed beach users to understand the extent of the rip current hazard in the country and to develop new strategies to warn tourists of hazards. the students also spent time deep in the heart of the children?s eternal rainforest to get a perspective of the jungle that few visitors to costa rica ever experience. second-year earth and environmental science student nathanyel guimond went on the trip and says he cannot believe what he accomplished in just two weeks, from identifying rip tides to going through testimonials of an actual beach drowning in a mock trial. ?dr. houser taught us a lot through his passion and love for studying rip currents. i also got to feel the power of a rip current and understand the potential dangers they pose to people,? says guimond. ?these courses are also about kick-starting opportunities for my future. this year costa rica, who knows where i?ll be next year?? houser says he is committed to providing studies in science with a global perspective. this was the first summer courses were offered as part of the new travel program, which he plans to grow in coming years. ?in its first year, 2 per cent of our uwindsor science undergrads have now studied abroad and we have a goal of doubling that number next year,? he says. ?next year we hope to add new programs to the remote areas of the arctic and northern europe in addition to more offerings in costa rica.? brianna lunardi chris houser nathanyel guimond strategic priority: promote international engagement provide an exceptional undergraduate experience academic area: science earth & environmental sciences share tweet save external job postings mar 30, 2022 - full time lead hand - starbucks coffee shop feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
