https://www.uwindsor.ca/science/310/undergraduate-programs
undergraduate programs | faculty of science skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of science about academics research student experience news giving to science edi faculty of science academics academics academic advising undergraduate programs pass graduate programs departments and academic programs science certificate programs science transfer programs 9 tips for learning at home covid-19 uwin updates b.sc. chemistry major or honours b.sc. general science b.sc. honours biochemistry or honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours biological sciences b.sc. honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours chemistry and physics b.sc. honours computer information systems (and co-op) b.sc. honours computer science with honours software engineering specialization (and co-op) b.sc. honours environmental science b.sc. honours molecular biology and biotechnology b.sc. honours physics (medical physics) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (physics and high technology) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (and co-op) bachelor of arts economics general bachelor of arts economics honours bachelor of computer science (general) bachelor of computer science (honours & co-op) bachelor of computing science with honours applied computing (and co-op) bachelor of forensic science bachelor of mathematics (general and honours) and honours mathematics and statistics bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics and computer science) bachelor of science economics honours combined b.a. in forensics combined b.sc. honours program in behaviour, cognition and neuroscience concurrent general bachelor of mathematics/bachelor of education concurrent general bachelor of science/bachelor of education honours b.e.s. (bachelor of environmental studies) faq page academics academic advising undergraduate programs pass graduate programs departments and academic programs science certificate programs science transfer programs 9 tips for learning at home covid-19 uwin updates b.sc. chemistry major or honours b.sc. general science b.sc. honours biochemistry or honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours biological sciences b.sc. honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) b.sc. honours chemistry and physics b.sc. honours computer information systems (and co-op) b.sc. honours computer science with honours software engineering specialization (and co-op) b.sc. honours environmental science b.sc. honours molecular biology and biotechnology b.sc. honours physics (medical physics) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (physics and high technology) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (and co-op) bachelor of arts economics general bachelor of arts economics honours bachelor of computer science (general) bachelor of computer science (honours & co-op) bachelor of computing science with honours applied computing (and co-op) bachelor of forensic science bachelor of mathematics (general and honours) and honours mathematics and statistics bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics and computer science) bachelor of science economics honours combined b.a. in forensics combined b.sc. honours program in behaviour, cognition and neuroscience concurrent general bachelor of mathematics/bachelor of education concurrent general bachelor of science/bachelor of education honours b.e.s. (bachelor of environmental studies) faq page follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin uwindsor home faculty of science academics undergraduate programs undergraduate programs the faculty of science is home to 30 programs in 8 departments and 2 science-wide academic programs. b behaviour cognition neuroscience b.sc. honours program in behaviour, cognition and neuroscience bi integrative biology b.sc. honours biological sciences b.sc. honours program in behaviour, cognition and neuroscience bm biomedical sciences b.sc. honours biomedical sciences (molecular biology and biotechnology) b.sc. honours biochemistry and biomedical sciences (health stream) cb chemistry and biochemistry b.sc. chemistry major or honours b.sc. honours chemistry and physics b.sc. honours biochemistry or honours biology and biochemistry (health and biomedical stream) cs computer science bachelor of computer science (general) bachelor of computer science (honours & co-op) b.sc. honours computer science with honours software engineering specialization (and co-op) b.sc. honours computer information systems (and co-op) bachelor of computing science with honours applied computing (and co-op) en school of the environment b.sc. honours environmental science honours b.e.s. (bachelor of environmental studies) e economics bachelor of arts economics general bachelor of arts economics honours bachelor of science economics honours fs forensic science bachelor of forensic science combined b.a. in forensics g general science concurrent general bachelor of science/bachelor of education b.sc. general science ms mathematics and statistics bachelor of mathematics (general and honours) and honours mathematics and statistics bachelor of mathematics (honours mathematics and computer science) concurrent general bachelor of mathematics/bachelor of education p physics b.sc. honours physics (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (physics and high technology) (and co-op) b.sc. honours physics (medical physics) (and co-op) share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin tweets by @scienceuwindsor tweets by scienceuwindsor share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
