https://ojs.uwindsor.ca/
university of windsor journal publishing
					 skip to main content skip to main navigation menu skip to site footer open menu university of windsor journal publishing register login the leddy library provides software, support and hosting services for academic journals, scholarly monographs, and conferences that manage the process from submission to publication. if you're starting or moving a journal or book series into or planning a conference, please contact scholarship@uwindsor.ca so we can tell you more about what we offer. journals journal of canadian baseball the journal of canadian baseball (jcb) publishes popular and scholarly research on the rich and diverse culture of baseball in canada. this annual open access publication seeks new, original research that broadens our understanding of canadian baseball and extends the existing conversations in new directions. we are particularly interested in exploring the diversity of canadian baseball at all levels, from all areas and regions of canada. follow us on twitter: jofcbaseball the journal of canadian baseball is a partnership between the centre for canadian baseball research and the university of windsor. view journal current issue informal logic informal logic is a peer reviewed journal publishing articles and reviews on topics related to reasoning and argumentation in theory and practice. it is deliberately multi-disciplinary, welcoming theoretical and empirical research from any pertinent field, including, but not restricted to, philosophy, rhetoric, communication, linguistics, psychology, artificial intelligence, education, law. view journal current issue journal of teaching and learning the journal of teaching and learning (jtl) acknowledges the traditional territories of the three fires confederacy of first nations, comprised of the ojibwe, the odawa, and the potawatomi. there are few places on earth where others have not walked before us or called it home. the jtl is an international, peer-reviewed journal. the journal seeks manuscripts that provide a critical examination of education, and publishes original research that contributes to questions in teaching and learning. these may include: issues related to indigenous education, gender, class, race, ability, ethnicity and diversity, educational policy, teacher education, educational leadership, and theories of teaching and learning. the journal also welcomes novel qualitative, arts-based, non-traditional methodologies. the jtl is published twice a year. submissions are anonymously peer-reviewed. view journal current issue windsor yearbook of access to justice consistent with its history and mandate and in light of previous suggestions by sshrc, the yearbook has sought to ensure that published articles move beyond doctrinal analysis of law. while analysis of legal texts and developments in legal interpretation are by no means eschewed, the editors acknowledged the extraordinary wealth of scholarship about access to justice (rather than access to legal institutions) in the discourses of anthropology, philosophy, social history, classics and literary criticism. the editors intend to continue efforts to tap the potential of such scholarship for the yearbook and value papers that draw upon social science and other non-doctrinal sources of legal scholarship. view journal current issue critical social work critical social work offers the opportunity for constructive dialogue in the interest of achieving social justice. we recognize the historical nature of both human capability and social justice. with such recognition, we do not attempt a definitive definition of either. in part the goal of critical social work is to assist us collectively in recognizing the current potentials for social justice as well as the future possibilities. further, we recognize that a contemporary definition of social justice must deal with the issues of legal, moral, and economic obligation of both the individual and the collective. we propose that through dialogue there exists the possibility of refining our ideas about the individual and community, clarifying the relationship between interpersonal relations and institutional structures, and identifying actions that promote both individual and community well-being. to this end critical social work strives, for this is surely critical social work, that is, activity directed towards establishing essential judgments in constructing a sustaining context for conviviality. view journal current issue collected essays on learning and teaching collected essays on learning and teaching (celt) publishes peer-reviewed scholarly and practice-based articles associated with the annual conference of the society for teaching and learning in higher education (stlhe). the intent is to challenge conference presenters to convert the essence of their peer-reviewed sessions into essay form for a wide readership interested in teaching improvement practices in higher education. celt is indexed in eric, the database of the education resources information center. view journal current issue the windsor review the windsor review: publishing new and emerging writers from north america and beyond. view journal current issue the raaces review the raaces review is the official journal of raaces ? racialized academics and advocates centering equity and solidarity. view journal current issue phaenex phaenex is an electronic journal affiliated with the canadian based international society for existential and phenomenological theory and culture / th?orie et culture existentialistes et ph?nom?nologiques (eptc/tcep). our intent is to provide an interdisciplinary forum for original research in theory or culture from existential or phenomenological perspectives, broadly construed. this includes but is not restricted to philosophical and critical inquiries related to art, literature, science, technology, popular culture, religion, gender and sexuality, applied moral issues and social relations, as well as the history of continental philosophy itself. submissions in both french and english are encouraged and all submissions are subject to peer review. phaenex is a bi-annual publication: there is a spring/summer open issue, and a fall/winter special topics issue. for each open issue the editorial executive welcomes submissions from authors both in and outside eptc/tcep. typically, the special topics issue is derived from a recent eptc/tcep panel session. submissions are not limited to panel participants. phaenex is indexed regularly in the philosopher's index and is registered with the directory of open access journals (doaj). view journal current issue applied multivariate research applied multivariate research is a peer-reviewed journal publishing methodological and content papers that deal with the application of both classical and more modern multivariate statistical techniques, as well as measurement issues, in applied settings. view journal current issue journal of emerging forensic sciences research the journal of emerging forensic sciences research (jefsr) is committed to original research in the diverse disciplines of forensic sciences. jefsr publishes one volume annually with two issues each year, june and december. each issue includes novel research papers, forensic case studies and reports and technical notes papers highlighting the newer and ever emerging fields of forensic sciences. the proceedings of the annual trends in forensic sciences (tifs) conference are published in the june issue. view journal current issue windsor review of legal and social issues the windsor review is an entirely student-run and double-blind peer-reviewed interdisciplinary law journal, under the guidance of faculty advisor professor lisa trabucco. since our inaugural publication in 1989, the windsor review has been dedicated to utilizing law as a vehicle for social change. our mandate is to promote an analytical, practical, and empirical approach to the study of law, incorporating the perspectives of multiple disciplines. as a non-traditional journal, the windsor review offers a distinct advantage to students, lawyers, and legal scholars who seek a high-quality, rigorous review process paired with timely publication. view journal current issue developed by open journal systems language english fran?ais (canada)
