https://mailchi.mp/a58cb9cbc6df/university-players-response-to-covid-19
university players response to covid-19 campaign url copy twitter 0 tweets subscribe past issues rss translate english ??????? afrikaans ?????????? ???? ????????? catal? ?????? ?????? hrvatski ?esky dansk eesti keel nederlands suomi fran?ais deutsch ???????? ?????? magyar gaeilge indonesia ?slenska italiano ??? ????????? ??? ?????????? ????? ???? ????? malti norsk polski portugu?s portugu?s - portugal rom?n? ??????? espa?ol kiswahili svenska ????? lietuvi? latvie?u sloven?ina sloven??ina ?????? ????? ??????? t?rk?e filipino ??????????? ti?ng vi?t stag and doe performance update view this email in your browser university players responds to the covid-19 outbreak in an abundance of caution, university players has made the difficult decision to cancel our upcoming performances of stag and doe, scheduled to open march 27 at essex hall theatre. stag and doe in rehearsal we would like to take a moment to thank our students, staff, faculty, as well as the designers and directors who have worked so hard and poured their hearts into this work. we would like to share with you an early draft of a video that gives us a look behind university players, created by our student videographer mehjaas singh. you'll see an interview with student costume designer erin callaghan as she creates pieces for the upcoming show. click the link here to see our latest video on youtube! options for affected ticket holders donate ticket value for a tax-deductible donation. our donors are essential partners in university players' regular operations and the future of our organization. funding for university players' production costs relies predominantly on ticket sales and donations. we are grateful for your support and understanding. receive a voucher. a voucher for the ticket?s value can be issued and redeemed for any performance in the upcoming 2020-2021 season, or as a discount on your 2020-2021 subscription renewal. refunds will also be available through the box office. as of wednesday, march 18, the university will be bringing in essential staff only. hours are limited at this time but students and staff will be working remotely throughout the week to contact patrons. when the box office is open again, we will process your refund. we request your patience as we work through this process. to donate your tickets or receive a voucher, please contact the box office by email at: uplayers@uwindsor.ca. please include your sale number, if possible, whether you would like to donate your tickets or receive a voucher, and your name, phone number, mailing address. in the coming week, the university players box office will contact all ticket holders via email and/or by phone to make arrangements. subscription renewals our subscription renewal packages would ordinarily be available to our subscribers during the run of our final show of the season. we will be sending these out via regular mail by the end of this week, and patrons should receive them by mail within the next 10-14 days. please let us know if you haven't received your package by april 10th. we thank you for your patience throughout this unprecedented global event. if you have any questions at all, please do not hesitate to contact kristen siapas by email at kristen.siapas@uwindsor.ca or by phone at 519-965-6321. copyright ? 2020 university players, university of windsor, all rights reserved. want to change how you receive these emails? you can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.
