https://conta.cc/3CVUfv4
uwindsor announces mandatory covid-19 vaccinations for staff, faculty and students return to campus life and community e-newsletter - august 13, 2021 august 13, 2021 uwindsor announces mandatory covid-19 vaccinations for staff, faculty and students as we look forward to the safe and gradual return to campus in just a few weeks, the health and safety of our staff, faculty and students remains our number one priority. throughout the pandemic we have continued to implement robust health and safety protocols based on the advice of health authorities. following discussions surrounding the ongoing risks posed by covid-19, including the concerns of a fourth wave by ontario?s chief medical officer of health, the emergence of new variants and current regional vaccination rates, the university of windsor has made the decision to require covid-19 vaccination for all students, faculty, staff and visitors who attend campus. as always, we have been working closely with our partners at the windsor essex county health unit, who fully endorse this action. we know that covid-19 vaccinations are critical to reducing the likelihood of serious illness and help to keep our entire community safe. we encourage all individuals who are able, to get the vaccine as soon as possible. for anyone who will be on campus, at least a first dose of a health-canada approved covid-19 vaccine will be required by september 1, 2021 and a second dose will be required by october 1, 2021. those who do not have at least their first dose by september 1, will be subject to regular testing protocols to access campus. accommodations can be requested for vaccination exemptions for medical reasons or under grounds protected under the ontario human rights code. all members of the university of windsor community returning to campus will be required to declare their covid-19 vaccination status. regular testing protocols will be established for those who are not vaccinated and/or have received accommodations. we continue to consult with campus stakeholders as we work to implement this new mandate. more information about the university of windsor?s vaccination requirements and policy will be coming soon. we are joining other post-secondary institutions across the province and the country, who are also taking these steps to ensure their communities are vaccinated against covid-19. the university?s preparation for a safe return to campus this fall has included the implementation of many health and safety measures, such as a variety of course delivery modes, daily self-assessments, mask-wearing, handwashing, physical distancing protocols, capacity limits in campus buildings and more. further information can be found by visiting the university?s return to campus website. a covid-19 vaccination awareness campaign was recently launched in partnership with student leadership to help provide vaccine information and resources. vaccine appointments are readily available locally and can be booked by visiting the windsor essex county health unit?s website. for others located outside of the region, information about booking a vaccine appointment can be found by visiting ontario?s covid-19 vaccine website. uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
