http://continue.uwindsor.ca/495/uwindsor-prep
uwindsor prep program | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor professional & skills development featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor professional & skills development uwindsor prep program uwindsor prep program ? register now ? back to main page short, non-credit prep courses designed to refresh learners' skills and provide a taste of what classes will bring. each course is designed to provide a review of grade 12 curriculum and build the skills learners will need in first-year classes. program highlights: instructors leading academically geared programs are qualified secondary level teachers. designed to build learners' confidence and refresh skills before classes begin. students will be exposed to blackboard and microsoft teams to become familiar with institutional lms prior to beginning classes. students and dependents of staff and alumni are eligible for various discounts on enrolment. contact continue@uwindsor.ca for more information. courses are online and can be taken individually. learn more about each course: biology schedule: weekdays, july 18-29, 2022 | 9:30am-12:30pm uwindsor prep biology is a non-credit online course that reviews grade 12 concepts and to ensure students are prepared for biology at the university of windsor. a review of the expectations from the grade 12 university biology will be presented in condensed format that is designed to enhance the understanding of the core concepts. these five main topics include biochemistry, metabolic processes, molecular genetics, homeostasis and population dynamics. students will have an opportunity to learn directly from on-line lectures, virtual labs and investigations, assignments and case studies. both formative and summative evaluations will be provided to assess student learning during the course. take this refresher if you are registered in the following uwindsor academic courses: biol-1101 cell biology or biol-1111 biological diversity uwindsor prep biology is ideal for: students starting in the faculty of science and majoring in biology, forensics, economics, environmental science and chemistry. any other student who is required to take biol 1101 and biol 1111 as a part of their degree program would also benefit from taking this refresher. topics covered biochemistry cellular structures & function macromolecules metabolic processes thermodynamics cellular respiration photosynthesis molecular genetics dna replication protein synthesis biotechnology homeostasis human systems feedback mechanisms population dynamics population growth earth?s sustainability learner outcomes understand prokaryotic cells, eukaryotic cells and the function of organelles understand the structure and function of important biological macromolecules including carbohydrates, lipids, proteins and nucleic acids investigate the transfer of energy involved in the reactions of cellular respiration and photosynthesis understand the history of discovery of the structure and function of dna understand the process of dna replication, protein synthesis, mutations and genetic modifications and their application in agriculture and industry construct feedback loops to understand how the body maintains homeostasis through the nervous system, endocrine system and urinary system. analyze the relationship between population growth and sustainable ecosystems prerequisites: successful completion of sbi4u, grade 12u biology, is recommended. textbook: no textbook is required. technical requirements: access to the blackboard learning management system will be provided. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. assessment: to successfully complete this course participants will regularly attend online classes and complete a series of assignments and quizzes. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete and successful learners will receive a certificate of completion from uwindsor continuing education. fees: $350+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for a discount. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to get your discount code before registering online. instructor: andrea altenhof andrea altenhof has been teaching science to students in the catholic school system for the past 20+ years. she was seconded to work with elearning ontario as a curriculum writer and reviewer and taught abq senior science courses for the centre for executive and professional education at the university of windsor. andrea is married and is the proud parent of twin teenage sons. chemistry schedule: weekdays, july 18-29, 2022 | 1:30pm-4:30pm uwindsor prep chemistry is a non-credit online course that reviews grade 12 concepts to ensure students are prepared for chemistry at the university of windsor. this preparatory course offers a refresher to students who will be taking first year chemistry courses. introductory concepts required for first and second semester classes will be covered. these topics include nomenclature, types of reactions and balancing chemical equations, stoichiometry, properties of elements and the periodic table, vsepr theory, gas laws, thermodynamics, rates of reaction, chemical equilibria, acid-base theory, electrochemistry, and organic chemistry. take this refresher if you are registered in the following uwindsor academic courses: chem-1100 general chemistry i or chem-1103 topics for general chemistry uwindsor prep chemistry is ideal for: students starting in the faculty of science and majoring in chemistry, biochemistry, biology, forensics, environmental science and physics. it is also ideal for students who are in civil engineering taking chem-1103. any other student who is required to take chem-1100 or chem-1103 as a part of their degree program would also benefit from taking this refresher. transfer students and anyone interested in refreshing their math skills. course outline participants can expect to complete a combination of short assignments, quizzes and activities during the course. daily online participation is also required for successful completion. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete. learner outcomes at the conclusion of this course, students will be able to: understand periodic trends, how elements combine to form bonds, and molecular geometry balance chemical equations, identify types of chemical reactions, and predict products of chemical reactions understand the concept of the mole and how it relates to chemical reactions and solution chemistry understand how gas laws explain the behaviour of gases name and draw organic compounds based on name and/or structure analyze rates of reactions, energy changes, and causes of equilibrium changes understand redox reactions and their relationship to galvanic cells prerequisites: successful completion of sch4u, grade 12u chemistry, is recommended. textbook: no textbook is required. technical requirements: access to the blackboard learning management system will be provided. learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. assessment: participants can expect to complete a combination of short assignments, quizzes and activities during the course. daily online participation is also required for successful completion. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete. learners who successfully complete this course will receive a certificate of completion from uwindsor continuing education fees: $350+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for a discount. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to get your discount code before registering online. instructor: emilia iacobelli emilia iacobelli is a secondary school chemistry, mathematics, and english as a second language teacher with the greater essex county district school board. she is also a proud university of windsor graduate. she graduated from the concurrent honours chemistry (with thesis)/bachelor of education program in 2017, with teachable subjects in chemistry and mathematics, also obtaining her ib certification in these subject areas. she subsequently completed her master of education degree in 2019 and is currently pursuing a phd in educational studies with a focus on mathematics education. since her b.ed. graduation, emilia has also completed a number of additional qualifications in special education, teaching english language learners, guidance and career education, and elearning. she has a passion for teaching and a lifelong love of learning that she hopes to instill in her students. physics schedule: august 2-12, 2022 | 9:30am-10:30am. live online class will be held 9:30 am-10:30 am (eastern standard time) during the section schedule dates. students can expect to commit an additional 2-3 hours/day of asynchronous work to this course. uwindsor prep physics is a non-credit online course that reviews grade 12 concepts to help students prepare for physics at the university of windsor. this online course facilitates a deeper understanding of physics concepts and theories. students will explore: motion, forces, and energy; gravitational, electric, and magnetic fields; the wave nature of light; quantum mechanics; and special relativity. emphasis will be placed on understanding theories, formulas, and techniques for solving problems in each of these fields; some emphasis will be placed on science investigation skills, including analysing data qualitatively and quantitatively. take this refresher if you are registered in the following uwindsor academic courses: phys-1300 introductory physics for life sciences i or phys-1400 introductory physics i uwindsor prep physics is ideal for: students who are starting in the faculty of science and majoring in physics, biology, forensics or chemistry. any other student who is required to take phys-1300 or phys-1400 as part of their degree program would also benefit from taking this refresher. transfer students and anyone interested in refreshing their math skills. course outline successful completion of this course requires participants to regularly attend online classes and complete a series of assignments and quizzes. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete. learner outcomes analysing data review essential concepts for analysis: scientific notation, significant digits, vector operations, and fundamental math tools dynamics investigate, in qualitative and quantitative terms, forces in uniform circular motion, in a plane, and related problems demonstrate an understanding of the forces involved in uniform circular motion and motion in a plane energy and momentum investigate, in qualitative and quantitative terms, work, energy, momentum, and the laws of conservation of energy and conservation of momentum, and related problems demonstrate an understanding of work, energy, momentum, and the laws of conservation of energy and conservation of momentum, in one and two dimensions. gravitational, electric, and magnetic fields investigate, in qualitative and quantitative terms, gravitational, electric, and magnetic fields, and solve related problems demonstrate an understanding of the concepts, properties, principles, and laws related to gravitational, electric, and magnetic fields and their interactions with matter. the wave nature of light investigate, in qualitative and quantitative terms, the properties of waves and light, and solve related problems demonstrate an understanding of the properties of waves and light in relation to diffraction, refraction, interference, and polarization. quantum mechanics and special relativity investigate special relativity and quantum mechanics, and solve related problems; demonstrate an understanding of the evidence that supports the basic concepts of quantum mechanics and einstein's theory of special relativity. prerequisites: successful completion of sph4u grade 12u physics and mhf4u grade 12u advanced functions, is recommended. textbook: no textbook is required. assessment: to successfully complete this course participants will regularly attend online classes and complete a series of assignments and quizzes. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete and successful learners will receive a certificate of completion from uwindsor continuing education. fees: $350+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for a discount. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to get your discount code before registering online. instructor dr. justin teeuwen justin teeuwen recently completed his ph. d. in educational studies at the university of windsor with a focus on cognition and learning. he researched the transferability of metacognition to domains far from the seed domain of mathematics. dr. teeuwen has worked as an educator in primary, secondary, and post-secondary systems for over ten years. dr. teeuwen?s research interests include metacognition, metaemotion, mathematics education, science education, mentorship education, motivation, and wellness. previous to his ph.d. studies, dr. teeuwen graduated with a master of science, physics and a bachelor of education at the university of windsor. advanced functions and problem-solving strategies schedule: august 2-12, 2022 | 11:30am-12:30pm. live online instructional time is essential and will be held 11:30 pm ? 12:30 pm (eastern standard time) during the section schedule dates. students can expect to commit an additional 2-3 hours/day of asynchronous work to this course. this online course extends students? experience with functions. students will investigate the properties of polynomial, rational, logarithmic, and trigonometric functions; develop techniques for combining functions; broaden their understanding of rates of change; and develop facility in applying these concepts and skills. students will review and develop strategies, mathematical processes, and thinking skills during problem-solving sessions. emphasis will be placed on understanding various mathematical relationships, utilizing mathematical techniques in solving problems, and applying mathematical knowledge into various contexts. course outline to successfully complete this course participants will regularly attend online classes and complete a series of assignments and quizzes. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete and successful learners will receive a certificate of completion from uwindsor continuing education. take this refresher if you are registered in the following uwindsor academic courses: functions and differential calculus math-1760 differential calculus math-1720. uwindsor prep advanced functions and problem-solving strategies is ideal for students who are starting in the faculty of engineering or faculty of science and majoring in forensics, economics, environmental science, computer science and chemistry. any other student who would like to refresh their math skills or is required to take math-1760 or math-1720 as part of their degree program would also benefit from taking this refresher. learner outcomes throughout this course, students will: exponential and logarithmic functions demonstrate an understanding of the relationship between exponential expressions and logarithmic expressions, evaluate logarithms, and apply the laws of logarithms to simplify numeric expressions; identify and describe some key features of the graphs of logarithmic functions, make connections among the numeric, graphical, and algebraic representations of logarithmic functions, and solve related problems graphically; solve exponential and simple logarithmic equations in one variable algebraically, including those in problems arising from real-world applications. trigonometric functions demonstrate an understanding of the meaning and application of radian measure; make connections between trigonometric ratios and the graphical and algebraic representations of the corresponding trigonometric functions and between trigonometric functions and their reciprocals, and use these connections to solve problems; solve problems involving trigonometric equations and prove trigonometric identities. polynomial and rational functions identify and describe some key features of polynomial functions, and make connections between the numeric, graphical, and algebraic representations of polynomial functions; identify and describe some key features of the graphs of rational functions, and represent rational functions graphically; solve problems involving polynomial and simple rational equations graphically and algebraically; demonstrate an understanding of solving polynomial and simple rational inequalities. characteristics of functions demonstrate an understanding of average and instantaneous rate of change, and determine, numerically and graphically, and interpret the average rate of change of a function over a given interval and the instantaneous rate of change of a function at a given point determine functions that result from the addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division of two functions and from the composition of two functions, describe some properties of the resulting functions, and solve related problems; compare the characteristics of functions, and solve problems by modelling and reasoning with functions, including problems with solutions that are not accessible by standard algebraic techniques. prerequisites: successful completion of mhf4u (grade 12u advanced functions) is recommended. textbook: no textbook is required. fees: $350+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for a discount. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to get your discount code before registering online. instructor dr. justin teeuwen justin teeuwen recently completed his ph. d. in educational studies at the university of windsor with a focus on cognition and learning. he researched the transferability of metacognition to domains far from the seed domain of mathematics. dr. teeuwen has worked as an educator in primary, secondary, and post-secondary systems for over ten years. dr. teeuwen?s research interests include metacognition, metaemotion, mathematics education, science education, mentorship education, motivation, and wellness. previous to his ph.d. studies, dr. teeuwen graduated with a master of science, physics and a bachelor of education at the university of windsor. calculus schedule: weekdays, august 15-26, 2022 | 9:30am-12:30pm this online course extends students? experience with calculus. students will review limits, derivative rules, and their applications to polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic and trigonometric functions. these skills will then be applied to produce graphs of combinations of functions and to solve optimization problems. these skills with then be extended to include implicit differentiation and related rate problems. the course will be structured to allow for a combination of direct instruction, independent work, and small group learning. emphasis will be placed on making connections between previous learning and new learning, and on deepening students? understanding of foundational skills necessary for further studies in calculus. take this refresher if you are registered in the following uwindsor academic courses: math-1720.differential calculus math-1760. functions and differential calculus math-1780 access to differential calculus phys-1400. introductory physics i this prep program is ideal for: students starting at the faculty of engineering students starting at the faculty of science and majoring in biomedical sciences, biochemistry, chemistry, computer science, economics, environmental sciences or physics. transfer students and anyone interested in refreshing their math skills. course outline to successfully complete this course participants must attend online classes and complete a series of online quizzes and assignments. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete. learner outcomes by the end of this course students will be able to: limits and derivatives define the limit of a function and apply properties of limits to simplify and determine the behaviour of graphs for a variety of types of functions determine derivatives of functions from first principles and graph the derivative function for polynomial, exponential, and sinusoidal functions prove derivative rules from first principles, including the chain rule apply derivative rules to polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, radical, and sinusoidal functions and combinations of these functions applications of derivatives calculate higher order derivatives for polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, radical, and sinusoidal functions, as well as for combinations of these functions make connections between the first and second derivatives of a function and the properties of the graph of that function and apply this understanding to sketch the curve for the function solve problems (including optimization problems) that require the use of derivatives and their properties implicit differentiation and applications differentiate an implicit function by using the chain rule and isolating the desired derivative apply the process of implicit differentiation to solve related rate problems apply the process of implicit differentiation to determine the derivative of the natural logarithmic function, f(x) = ln x, and to differentiate functions that include the natural logarithm prerequisites: successful completion of mcv4u grade 12 calculus is recommended. textbook: no textbook is required. assessment: to successfully complete this course participants will regularly attend online classes and complete a series of assignments and quizzes. upon completion students will be awarded a grade of complete or incomplete and successful learners will receive a certificate of completion from uwindsor continuing education. fees: $350+hst. uwindsor alumni, staff and students are all eligible for a discount. contact continue@uwindsor.ca to get your discount code before registering online. instructor: kristi ryan kristi ryan has been teaching mathematics with the greater essex county district school board for fifteen years. she holds an undergraduate degree in honours biochemistry from western university and a bachelor of education degree from the university of windsor. her love of learning has led to the completion of a number of additional university courses, including a master of professional education in the area of educational leadership and honour?s specialist designations in mathematics, biology and special education. she believes in creating a safe and positive learning environment and strives to build critical thinking and self-reflection skills in her students. conditional admission information uwindsor prep conditional admission for direct from ontario/canadian secondary school applicants - conditional offers of admission may be provided to ontario and canadian secondary school applicants via the uwindsor prep program for applicants with an insufficient overall admission average (up to 3% below the required entry average) into their program faculty of choice. uwinprep conditional admission for transfer applicants - transfer students who are overall admissible to the university of windsor but are deficient a prerequisite course for their program or degree completion program of choice may be eligible for direct admission to their chosen program through a conditional offer via completion of uwindsorprep courses as decided by the program faculty. to inquire if you may be eligible for conditional admission, contact us through live chat or a service request at ask.uwindsor.ca. technical requirements learners will require access to a computer with high-speed internet access. all course details can be accessed through blackboard. a link will be provided through email and you will have access the first day of class. please activate your uwinid. your uwinid and password are needed to access blackboard. if you have any issues, please contact continue@uwindsor.ca. blackboard.uwindsor.ca works best with google chrome. you can also use firefox or safari. it is suggested that you avoid using internet explorer. there is a ?navigating your online course? module and technical tutorials that you can review for a brief orientation to blackboard once you log in. feel free to review the full blackboard preferred system requirements. register now sign up on our interest list to be notified about enrolment and receive updates from continuing education. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
