https://conta.cc/3HCgcRq
uwindsor update - province in modified step 2 & campus impacts released on january 4, 2022 january 4, 2022 ontario moving to modified step 2 of roadmap to reopen: impact on campus operations as announced by the government of ontario on monday, the province is moving to a ?modified step 2 of the roadmap to reopen? effective 12:01 am january 5, 2022 for at least 21 days. in keeping with this directive, the university of windsor mandates that employees who are able to work remotely from home are required to do so. staffing shift to "essential workers" model - which is a reduction in the number of some staff scheduled for an on-campus shift. please note that not all employees in ?essential? departments may be required to work on campus and this will be further clarified by your supervisor/manager. please connect with your supervisor if you have any questions. rotational shifts as per notification from your supervisor. visits to campus are for essential purposes only and must be approved. staff approved to go on campus must continue complete the safe lancer app or online self-assessment questionnaire prior to arriving on campus and must follow all health and safety protocols. testing the university?s testing centre will be available to all faculty and staff required to work on campus who desire a rapid antigen test. the testing centre will continue to be available for those faculty and staff required to work on campus and to be tested based on current vaccination policy exemptions. the testing centre will also be available to students who are currently in residence. the testing centre will be open monday to friday from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. by appointment only. testing appointments can be made by visiting uwindsor.ca/covidtest campus services the pharmacy, dentist and other third-party vendors within caw student centre will be available by appointment only. marketplace and starbucks are closed at this time. the campus bookstore: closed to in-person retail. curbside pick-up is available. online ordering available 24/7. leddy library: computer workstations and study spaces are now closed. contactless curbside pick-up and digital delivery only, available monday to friday, 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. research and data centre open tuesdays, wednesdays and thursdays from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. by appointment only. forge fitness and st. denis centre are closed. student health services continue to be available remotely, call 519-973-7002 to book a telephone appointment. the student counselling centre is also available and students are to email scc@uwindsor.ca for an appointment. alternatively, myssp (my student support program) provides 24/7 free confidential counselling by licensed counsellors available via talk or text. call 1-844-451-9700 or download the myssp app at uwindsor.ca/myssp. student accessibility services, central academic advising and support for international students are also available virtually. winter term as previously shared, classes for all faculties (except nursing and education) will begin on january 17, 2022 and will initially be held virtually, based on the advice from ontario?s chief medical officer of health. as previously communicated, two weeks? notice will be provided regarding the return to campus. given our delayed start of classes, the earliest date for a return would be january 31, 2022. the university will make the determination in consultation with local health authorities and the province and communicate updates on a weekly basis. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve rapidly and we know these are challenging circumstances. we thank you for your continued support and patience as we work to ensure the safety and well-being of our campus and broader community. questions? please email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca
