https://uwindsor.ca/donate
uwindsor donations uwindsor donations donation progress gift info amount: enter an amount between $5 and $100000. please omit any dollar sign or comma. please enter an amount and designation for your gift. receipts will be given for donations over $20. reg. #10816 2611 rr0001. gift acceptance policy gift designation type this is a new gift this is a payment on a pledge this is a gift in memory of this is a gift in honour of designations * i would like to direct my gift towards: please select a designation or provide additional information in the other field. gift designation group university of windsor's priorities ---please select--- black student scholarship initiative fred quenneville memorial fund geoffrey h wood native bursary endowment graduate scholarships lancer sport and recreation centre law building campaign leddy library national self-represented litigants project fund odette data analytics lab student relief fund take a seat uwin fund - area of greatest need undergraduate scholarship endowment fund undergraduate scholarships faculty/department priorities ---please select--- centre for teaching and learning faculty of arts & social sciences faculty of education faculty of engineering faculty of graduate studies faculty of human kinetics faculty of law faculty of nursing faculty of science odette school of business athletics ---please select--- athletics & recreational trust baseball blue & gold scholarships cross country curling football golf men's basketball men's hockey men's soccer men's volleyball sports & athletics facilities track & field women's basketball women's fastpitch women's hockey women's soccer women's volleyball other additional info * this donation is from an: organization individual donor please fill in all (*) required information. * title: mx. justice mr. mrs. ms. miss. dr. prof. * given name: middle name: * last name: * affiliation with uwindsor: uwindsor faculty/staff uwindsor graduate/alumnus uwindsor retiree current uwindsor student parent of uwindsor student friend of uwindsor employee id is required for payroll deduction. employee id: *employee id is only required for payroll deduction. * organization name: * contact name: please indicate your type of organization: * this organization is a: -- please select -- charity foundation neither a charity nor foundation donor information this email address will be used to send donation receipts. please enter a valid email address. email address and confirm email address must match. * email address: * confirm email address: organization home please fill out all required fields. * address: apartment: * city: * province: * postal/zip code: * country: please enter a valid phone number. * telephone: ext: additional info i/my partner work for a matching gift company. name of company: in donor recognition listings, i would like my name to appear as: please select all that apply: i wish to remain anonymous. send me more information about gifts of securities/stock. i have already included uwindsor in my estate plans. send me information about including uwindsor in my estate plans. contact me regarding establishing a named scholarship. select method of payment: pay online (credit card / debit card) payroll deduction make a direct bank withdrawal from my account annual giving chris knack coordinator, annual giving program advancement and alumni relations university of windsor (519) 253-3000 ext. 4279 cknack@uwindsor.ca designated giving krista spagnuolo development assistant campaign office university of windsor (519) 253-3000 ext. 3229 krista2@uwindsor.ca payment type: please enter a valid payment amount. biweekly payments of $ per pay semimonthly payments of $ per pay one-time payroll deduction please begin my payroll deduction commitment: next pay period upon completion of my current payroll deduction commitments specific date please enter a date in the specified format and in the future. format: yyyy-mm-dd please enter all (*) required information using numeric characters only. * amount: one time per month for number of months: or until otherwise notified * institution: bank of montreal bank of nova scotia royal bank of canada toronto dominion bank (td canada trust) banque nationale du canada national bank of canada cibc (canadian imperial bank of commerce) hsbc bank of canada laurentienne canadian western bank laurentian bank of canada coast capital credit union caisse pop cote des neiges atb financial savings bank banque nationale de paris (canada) citibank alberta financial bank (atb financial) sottomayor bank canada citizen's bank of canada mbna canada bank capital one president choice financial vancouver city savings canada trust national trust ing direct canada duca financial services credit union island savings credit union north york community credit union ltd. caisse centrale desjardins woodslee credit union limited hepcoe credit union ltd valley credit union ltd the civil service co-op credit soc ltd ontario civil service credit union york credit union teachers credit union * branch number: branch name: * bank account number: you may revoke your authorization to process the pre-authorized debit payments at any time, subject to providing notice of 30 days to the university of windsor. to obtain a sample cancellation form, or for more information on your right to cancel a pre-authorized debit (pad) agreement, you may contact your financial institution or visit www.cdnpay.ca. you have certain recourse rights if any debit does not comply with the pad agreement. for example, you have the right to receive reimbursement for any debit that is not authorized or is not consistent with the pad agreement. to obtain more information on your recourse rights, you may contact your financial institution or visit www.cdnpay.ca. you agree to waive your right to receive pre-notification of any debit under the pad agreement. you acknowledge that you can request to make the changes to the pre-authorized debit amount indicated simply by contacting the university of windsor. ?2020 university of windsor | 401 sunset avenue | windsor, ontario n9b 3p4 | 519-253-3000 v1.0.7
