http://www.uwindsor.ca/orientation/298/windsor-welcome-week?elqTrackId=1b18bd356fb9480691419a848fbb7cdf&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=697&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=1503
uwindsor welcome week | student orientation skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student orientation student orientation in this section home head start welcome week battle of the faculties community building program student staff & volunteers parents welcome week is brought to you by: thank you to our amazing sponsors: home head start welcome week battle of the faculties community building program student staff & volunteers parents welcome week is brought to you by: thank you to our amazing sponsors: uwindsor home student orientation uwindsor welcome week uwindsor welcome week please note:details about welcome week 2022 will be available soon, so be sure to check back later! thank you to everyone who attended welcome week this year. we hope that you were able to learn more about your uwindsor journey, take part in some awesome events and meet some new friends along the way. 2021 winners - team safari shareholders the safari shardholders, from business, swept the virtual competition this year and took home the top prize of the shield and bragging rights! what is welcome week? welcome week is the time for you to become a lancer! it is a period that encompasses all of the different events planned for incoming students. the events are completely student-run, supported by staff, and are mainly coordinated by the student success and leadership centre, though other campus partners do host their own events as well. welcome week counts on our student staff, as well as the faculty leaders who proudly represent their lancer spirit to that ensure incoming and returning students have the most entertaining and welcoming first week of their semester! why attend welcome week? free prize giveaways new friendships long-lasting memories an opportunity to become acquainted with faculty, staff, and student leaders the chance to be part of a uwindsor tradition learn valuable lessons from senior students take a positive first step towards your university career get connected: for more photos like this, updates about student life on campus, awesome prize giveaways, or just looking for fun things to do, follow us at the links below! share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
