https://apps.apple.com/us/app/uwin-fahss/id1449767439
?uwin fahss on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview uwin fahss 12+ university of windsor designed for ipad free screenshots ipad iphone description the uwin fahss app brings campus to your fingertips and enables you to connect with the uwin fahss community: stay on top of your events, services, and volunteer opportunities and get notified of important dates, deadlines & security announcements. make friends, ask questions, and access campus resources at any time! some other exciting features include: + events: discover campus events, set reminders, and track your attendance + featured activities: orientation, homecoming, etc. + academic services: reach, fahss academic advising, and pass + campus community: meet friends, ask questions, and keep up with what's happening on the campus wall. + groups & clubs: get involved with campus organizations and meet people with similar interests + campus services: learn about services offered, such as academic advising, financial aid & counselling. + push notifications: receive important campus notifications and emergency alerts. + campus map: find the quickest route to classes, events, and offices. + campus experience: keep track of your co-curricular participation and provide feedback in real-time what?s new mar 16, 2022 version 2022.03.0701 improved the performance of the app. other small bugfixes and improvements. app privacy the developer, university of windsor, indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. data linked to you the following data may be collected and linked to your identity: location contact info user content identifiers usage data privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller university of windsor size 68.3 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 12.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 12.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 12.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english, french, spanish age rating 12+ infrequent/mild horror/fear themes infrequent/mild mature/suggestive themes infrequent/mild sexual content and nudity infrequent/mild profanity or crude humor infrequent/mild realistic violence infrequent/mild alcohol, tobacco, or drug use or references infrequent/mild cartoon or fantasy violence copyright ? 2022 ready education price free developer website app support privacy policy developer website app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer safe lancer education uwindsor connect education you might also like minute school education u of windsor experience education fosterway education brock university education job fair app education mobius learning shared lms education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
