https://apps.apple.com/us/app/uwindsor-connect/id1572457913
?uwindsor connect on the app store
    global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel app store preview uwindsor connect 12+ university of windsor designed for ipad free screenshots ipad iphone description get connected at the university of windsor with the uwindsor connect app! download the app to gain access to campus resources, events, and involvement opportunities, so you never have to miss out. get a personalized view of your day-to-day & tailored recommendations to make the best of your academic experience. what?s new dec 18, 2021 version 7.4.5 we're always updating our app to make it better! here's what we updated in the latest version: - minor bug fixes if you have any requests or ideas, we'd love to hear from you! send us an email at ideas@involvio.com app privacy the developer, university of windsor, indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. data linked to you the following data may be collected and linked to your identity: location contact info contacts user content identifiers usage data diagnostics privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller university of windsor size 131.7 mb category education compatibility iphone requires ios 11.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 11.0 or later. ipod touch requires ios 11.0 or later. mac requires macos 11.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip. languages english age rating 12+ infrequent/mild alcohol, tobacco, or drug use or references infrequent/mild profanity or crude humor copyright ? 2021 involvio llc price free developer website app support privacy policy developer website app support privacy policy supports family sharing up to six family members can use this app with family sharing enabled. more by this developer safe lancer education uwin fahss education you might also like blackboard instructor education schoolbusinfo - bus status education fosterway education nimbus education waste solutions reference campusgo education more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
