http://www.uwsa.ca/about/uwsa-opportunities/
uwsa opportunities - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union home ? about ? uwsa opportunities get involved! the uwsa provides many jobs and volunteer opportunities for students at the university of windsor. check this page to find available postings that may be of interest! volunteer opportunities are not always formally posted, you can get involved and volunteer by directly contacting the coordinators of any of the uwsa services. please submit a resume and cover letter stating the position you are applying for to the uwsa via email at uwsa@uwindsor.ca uwsa opportunities communications manager uwsa category: full time the communications manager is responsible for the overall operation of the communications department and is involved in all aspects of the development, implementation and maintenance of the uwsa?s marketing and communications. they are responsible for promoting and protecting the brand and reputation of the uwsa by developing and executing media relations and public relations strategies and plans for brand building and innovation of all uwsa events. the communications manager will facilitate the production of regular content to the uwsa website and social media channels. in addition, they will create and publish all uwsa graphic materials and procure sponsorships, donations and external funding sources. employment term: permanent application deadline: tuesday, october 12th, 2021 at 9:00 am september 27th, 2021 link student rights & empowerment coordinator category: part time reporting to the vice-president student advocacy (vpsa), the student rights and empowerment coordinator will be responsible for coordinating the establishment of the uwsa?s student rights and empowerment office (sreo). the sreo will conduct proactive outreach to uwsa members on their rights in dealing with the university of windsor and the wider post-secondary environment. the sreo will also coordinate advocacy on behalf of uwsa members, including case intake and case management. deadline for applications is tuesday, 12th october at 9am please see the job description linked below for more information september 27th, 2021 link food pantry volunteeers category: volunteer the uwsa food pantry is looking for volunteers! please attach your resume and send an email to the food pantry coordinator at foodpantry@uwindsor.ca employment term: until may 2021 with possibility for extension application deadline: sept 14th, 2021 at 5pm september 14th, 2020 link walksafe/food pantry coordinator category: coordinator the walksafe & food pantry coordinator is responsible for the operations of the uwsa food pantry and walksafe services, including all volunteers, resources and services provided. the coordinator will supervise, coordinate and develop the service volunteers, promote and organize marketing for the services, purchase and restock food pantry items, and provide monthly statistics and reports as required. employment term: september 2021 - may 2021 application deadline: thursday, september 30th, 2021 at 5:00pm august 9th, 2018 link afrofest coordinator category: coordinator the afrofest coordinator is responsible for delivering activities, events, and services that support the black student experience and promote and celebrate black equity on campus. the coordinator must be committed and sensitive to supporting the needs of the black student community. the coordinator will develop, organize and implement all relevant programming events, including the african diaspora festival during black history month, likely in a virtual format. the coordinator will develop community support, secure sponsorships, plan consistent events and activities throughout the year, book and organize talent, and recruit and manage volunteers. the coordinator will assist in instigating change on campus to embrace and encourage a culture of understanding, openness, inclusion and acceptance. employment term: january 2021 - may 2021 application deadline: thursday, september 30th, 2021 at 5:00pm february 23rd, 2017 link job descriptions the main hiring season for the uwsa is in february ? march of every year, but there are also postings throughout the year. please see below all the job descriptions of uwsa positions for future reference. uwsa executives president ? elected vice-president student life ? elected vice-president student advocacy ? elected vice-president finance & operations ? elected board positions board director ? elected student senator ? elected board of governors representative ? elected board administrator ? filled board facilitator ? filled coordinators afrofest coordinator ? open campus pride centre coordinator ? filled chief returning officer (cro) ? filled peer support centre coordinator ? filled student groups coordinator ? filled walksafe/food pantry coordinator ? open womxn?s centre coordinator ? filled navigation about uwsa in the news uwsa opportunities financial archive financials connect with us be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
