https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/467/vaccination-policy
vaccination policy | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus in this section return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy requests for exemptions attestation and providing proof testing faqs take a jab! action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus vaccination policy vaccination policy the university of windsor has mandated a covid-19 vaccination policy. our main priority is campus safety and encouraging a higher rate of vaccination on our campus. as per the policy, all uwindsor employees, students and visitors must be fully vaccinated, or have an approved exemption from the vaccination policy to attend campus. all staff, students and faculty must complete the vaccination attestation at: uwindsor.ca/vaccine faculty and staff who are not adhering to the vaccination policy will be deemed to have made themselves unavailable for work. students who also do not comply with the policy will be at risk of affecting their curriculum or future study plans. to access campus you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program for those who are not in the above categories, rapid antigen testing is no longer an option to attend campus. testing will be reserved for those who are partially vaccinated (as defined above), those who have received their exemption accommodation, or those who have submitted an exemption request and are awaiting a determination. faculty and staff who do not fall into one of the above categories will be deemed to have made themselves unavailable for work and will not be permitted to access campus and may be placed on an unpaid leave of absence. accommodations to address exemptions from the vaccination policy do not include work from home options. for students who do not fall into one of the above categories will not be permitted to access campus. this will affect their ability to participate in on-campus events or attend in-person classes or labs. students will need to contact their program coordinator for any curriculum concerns this may cause. important information for new students & employees all new students and employees are required to complete their attestation of their covid-19 vaccination status within 20 days from their first day of classes or employment. this policy applies to all employees, students, volunteers, contractors and visitors. uwindsor mandatory vaccination policy for vendors, general contractors and suppliers covid-19 daily self-assessment & safe lancer app the covid-19 daily self-assessment screening tool found on the safe lancer app is required to be filled out every day before you plan on visiting campus. after answering all of the questions and inputting your appropriate confirmation code, you will receive a green (approved) or red (denied) qr code (badge). a green badge will grant you access to campus and is required to be scanned at all campus buildings you enter and some classroom entrances for the purposes of contact tracing. covid-19 safety ambassadors/screeners may also ask to see your badge, so be prepared to have it available at all times. if you receive a red badge you are not permitted to come to campus. please stay home and follow the instructions provided on this page for next steps. the safe lancer app can be downloaded visiting the google play or apple app store. before completing your next self-assessment, make sure you've updated to the latest version by opening the app and simply tapping the university of windsor safe lancer app banner at the top of the page. or, to manually update, open the safe lancer app and scroll down to select about/preferences. scroll down again and select data update. click the check for updates button. if you do not have access to a smartphone, a paper copy of the covid-19 daily self-assessment is available. please be prepared to show your paper copy while on campus, if approved to access campus. building access and qr code scanners if provided with a green qr code (badge) after completing your covid-19 daily self-assessment, buildings must be accessed using the designated entrances and your uwincard/fob. the green qr code (badge) must be scanned every time you enter a campus building or space. you may be also be asked to show your green qr code to rtc safety ambassadors/screeners. health & safety protocols we all play a vital role in preventing the spread of covid-19 on campus and in our community. there are important steps we are required to take to keep ourselves and others safe and healthy while on campus. please also follow these health and safety protocols every time you are on campus: practice good hygiene by washing your hands properly and frequently socially distance by staying 2 metres from others and following health and safety signage throughout campus. wear a mask. if unable, students must seek accommodation from student accessibility services. please also remember that masks are required in all indoor campus spaces and in areas where physical distancing may be difficult. thank you for your patience and understanding - we need to work together to keep our campus as safe as possible. additional information will be available soon, including frequently asked questions. please visit our return to campus website regularly for updated information. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
