https://conta.cc/3GlggED
vaccination policy updates return to campus life and community e-newsletter - january 11, 2022 january 11, 2022 vaccination policy updates important information: attestation deadline due to the delayed start of the winter 2022 semester, returning students whose vaccination status may have changed are required to complete the attestation of their covid-19 vaccination status by no later than january 31, 2022. students are reminded of the following requirements. to attend campus, you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program students who are unable to attend campus, or, who are unable to wear a mask, must choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. students may need to contact their program coordinator for any curriculum concerns this may cause. exemption requests must be received by no later than january 24, 2022. to attest to your vaccination status and upload your proof of vaccination (if applicable), visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine and log in with your uwinid and password. you will need the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code to show proof of vaccination obtained through ontario's covid-19 website. enhanced qr code requirement effective january 4, 2022, ontario is requiring the use of the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code where proof of vaccination is required. in alignment with this provincial directive, effective january 10, 2022, proof of vaccination must be in the form of an enhanced vaccine certificate (with an official qr code), for residents of ontario. those who have previously completed their vaccination attestation do not need to update their information with the enhanced form, however any subsequent updates to vaccination status will require it. out of province covid-19 vaccine registration if you received one or more doses of the covid-19 vaccine out of province, register your information with the windsor-essex county health unit (wechu) here: out of province covid-19 vaccine registration wechu will verify and record your vaccination records in covaxon. if you do not have an ontario health card, they can provide you with a unique pass code called a covid id. once recorded, you will be able to obtain an enhanced vaccine certificate through the ontario covid-19 vaccination provincial portal or by calling the provincial vaccine contact centre at 1-833-943-3900 for further assistance. have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
