https://golancers.ca/sports/2020/11/5/sport-camps-offered.aspx
varsity sport camps information - windsor lancers
 skip to main content windsor lancers main navigation menu baseball - club baseball - club: facebook baseball - club: twitter baseball - club: instagram baseball - club: schedule baseball - club: roster baseball - club: news women's basketball women's basketball: facebook women's basketball: twitter women's basketball: instagram women's basketball: schedule women's basketball: roster women's basketball: news men's basketball men's basketball: facebook men's basketball: twitter men's basketball: instagram men's basketball: schedule men's basketball: roster men's basketball: news cross country cross country: facebook cross country: twitter cross country: instagram cross country: tickets cross country: schedule cross country: roster cross country: news curling curling: facebook curling: twitter curling: instagram curling: schedule curling: roster curling: news fastpitch - club fastpitch - club: facebook fastpitch - club: twitter fastpitch - club: instagram fastpitch - club: schedule fastpitch - club: roster fastpitch - club: news football football: facebook football: twitter football: instagram football: schedule football: roster football: news golf golf: facebook golf: twitter golf: instagram golf: schedule golf: roster golf: news women's hockey women's hockey: facebook women's hockey: twitter women's hockey: instagram women's hockey: schedule women's hockey: roster women's hockey: news men's hockey men's hockey: facebook men's hockey: twitter men's hockey: instagram men's hockey: schedule men's hockey: roster men's hockey: news women's soccer women's soccer: facebook women's soccer: twitter women's soccer: instagram women's soccer: schedule women's soccer: roster women's soccer: news men's soccer men's soccer: facebook men's soccer: twitter men's soccer: instagram men's soccer: schedule men's soccer: roster men's soccer: news track and field track and field: facebook track and field: twitter track and field: instagram track and field: schedule track and field: roster track and field: news women's volleyball women's volleyball: facebook women's volleyball: twitter women's volleyball: instagram women's volleyball: schedule women's volleyball: roster women's volleyball: news men's volleyball men's volleyball: facebook men's volleyball: twitter men's volleyball: instagram men's volleyball: schedule men's volleyball: roster men's volleyball: news staff directory mission statement lancer history employment opportunities equity, diversity & accessibility lancer centre alternate travel form athletic scholarships lancer orientation 2021-22 lancer student athlete committee covid-19 vaccination policy vaccination exemption form oua tv lancer merchandise lancers illustrated - summer 2021 lancer all-time winners request mascot visit composite schedule alumni sports hall of fame corporate sponsorship visual identity media information ig cup oua conduct & discipline about us equity, diversity & accessibility staff directory registration lancer app groups & clubs health & wellness rec news nirsa fitness & nutrition social connections mental wellbeing intellectual/leadership workout of the week recconnect podcast fitness classes personal training yoga dance e-sports fall winter spring/summer ccel general information varsity sport camps general interest camps faq aquatics general information employment opportunities challenge course concussion education active attacker hazing education recreation careers student success & leadership covid-19 procedures hours of operation rental opportunities employment opportunities policies lancer app lancer centre dennis fairall fieldhouse alumni field forge fitness centre multi-purpose space memberships locker rooms lost & found parking information directions accessibility map & information campus map uwindsor.ca academic programs admissions scholarships student life residence life sport navigation menu lancer recreation scoreboard varsity sport camps mission statement our varsity sport camps provide the opportunity for camper's to learn the fundamentals of their sport as well as improve on their skills in the specific sport. our energetic and dedicated staff possess extensive sport specific experience and aim to assist in the development of campers skills as well as increase their knowledge and understanding of the game. for information on general interest (non-varsity) camps, visit the general interest camp information page. fees: $199 for all full week camps (*exception of hockey*). $160 for holiday week (august 2-5) sport week(s) description volleyball (indoor) week 3: july 18-22 (8 to 14 year olds) week 6: august 8-12 (12-17 year olds) campers are divided by gender, age, and skill set upon arrival. each camper receives a t-shirt along with five days of volleyball instruction from qualified instructors. on the final day of camp there will be modified games for the campers to see how their skills developed during the week. all participating campers will be given the opportunity to attend a select varsity home game. this will include free admission and various activities/prizes to be announced. basketball (indoor) week 2: july 11-15 (7 to 14 year olds) week 3: july 18-22 (7 to 14 year olds) week 4: july 25-29 (7 to 14 year olds) week 6: august 8-12 (7 to 14 year olds) week 7: august 15-19 (7 to 14 year olds) week 8: august 22-26 (7 to 14 year olds + hpc 12 to 18 year olds) lancer basketball camps are offered in a variety of sessions to accommodate various skill levels and focus areas. each basketball camp is divided by age and skill set to include appropriate instruction, skills competitions, and much more. all participating campers will be given the opportunity to attend a select varsity home game. high performance camp (hpc) is for those that are looking to take their game to the elite level. this basketball camp is for ages 12 - 18 both male and female. the camp will be instructed by both the men's and women's head coach and their assistant coaches and varsity athletes. the camp wil include skill development, strength and conditioning, film sessions, implementation of offensive and defensive strategies and tactics, and much more. all participating campers will be given the opportunity to attend a select varsity home game. track & field (outdoor) week 2: july 11-15 (7 to 12 year olds) week 4: july 25-29 (7 to 12 year olds) week 6: august 8-12 (7 to 12 year olds) track and field camp has now become a week long, full day camp. campers can look forward to learning the basic fundamental skills in sprints, hurdles, middle distance, long jump, triple jump and shot put with the aid of lancer track and field athletes. speed & agility (outdoor) week 6: august 8-12 week 8: august 22-26 this camp will include instruction on running mechanics for acceleration and top end speed, proper & appropriate warm up aiding in flexibility, balance & coordination, core stability, plyometric, and agility drills. soccer (outdoor) week 2: july 11-15 week 3: july 18-22 baseball/fastpitch week 1: july 4-8 week 2: july 11-15 week 3: july 18-22 week 5: august 2-5 (6 to 12 year olds) this camp invites all baseball and fast pitch players ages 7 to 12 to enhance their skills. windsor lancer head coach frank jeney will lead the instruction of both camps, along with current lancer baseball and fast pitch student-athletes. the rookie camp will focus on basic mechanisms such as base running, fielding, and hitting to players. all participating campers will be given the opportunity to attend a select varsity home game. football (outdoor) week 1: july 4-8 week 2: july 11-15 week 3: july 18-22 week 4: july 25-29 week 5: august 2-5 (8-12 year olds) come and enjoy learning football fundamentals in a fun, active, and safe non-contact environment! blocking and tackling techniques (on bags) will be taught, along with handling, protecting, catching, and passing the football by current lancer players & coaches. campers will also have the opportunity for supervised use of the windsor athletic facilities, and will play in organized touch football games at the end of each day. all participating campers will be given the opportunity to attend a select varsity home game. hockey (central park athletics) *$400* week 3: july 18-22 week 4: july 25-29 week 5: august 2-5 week 6: august 8-12 week 7: august 15-19 (8-14 year olds) located at the central park athletic center, this camp will focus on the development of fundamental skills for all specific hockey positions. campers will receive a total of 3 hours of on-ice session's daily, as well as, off-ice team based activities and instructional lessons. lancer summer camps update & important dates - summer 2022 february 09, 2022 ? lancer summer camps is looking forward to welcoming campers back again this summer! protocols and capacities will be based on the province of ontario, university of windsor and windsor-essex county health unit. all camp programming will follow the advice on the operation of in-person summer camps as it relates to the latest information on covid-19. we are planning to deliver a safe and accessible camp opportunity that meets all health guidelines and allows children and youth to resume fun sport and social interaction. our lancer recreation camp staff will be well prepared with covid protocols and will continue to have your child?s wellbeing at the top of their priority list. vaccinations and camp: we will follow the university of windsor?s current vaccination policy of patrons age 12 and older are required to be fully vaccinated. this policy is in effect as per the provincial and university of windsor guidelines. summer camp guide/details available - program descriptions, prices and ages will be posted on the lancer summer camps website early bird summer camp registration opens - monday, may 2nd until tuesday, may 31st all registrations at this time will need to be done in person at the st. denis centre or by phone 519-973-7029 as we transition to a new registration platform. questions and concerns if you have any questions or concerns regarding the content of this section of the website please feel free to contact linda ruccolo at the front desk by email: lancercentre@uwindsor.ca or by phone: 519-973-7029 social media links check out our facebook, twitter, and instagram pages and follow us for updates! sponsors footer terms of service, opens in new window privacy policy, opens in new window sidearm sports learfield, opens a new window ad blocker detected thanks for visiting ! the use of software that blocks ads hinders our ability to serve you the content you came here to enjoy. we ask that you consider turning off your ad blocker so we can deliver you the best experience possible while you are here. thank you for your support! learn more about ad blockers close
