http://www.uwindsor.ca/vabe/
visual arts and the built environment skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students visual arts and the built environment in this section welcome windsor advantage goals problem based learning vabe projects coordinator's message program faculty vabe alumni news contact us soca (home) welcome windsor advantage goals problem based learning vabe projects coordinator's message program faculty vabe alumni news contact us soca (home) uwindsor home visual arts and the built environment visual arts and the built environment visual arts and the built environment visual arts and the built environment [vabe] is a unique program between the school of creative arts at the university of windsor (windsor, ontario) and the school of architecture at the university of detroit mercy (detroit, michigan). alexane chiasson talks about the vabe program, and the unique opportunities it offers students who have an interest in both art, and architecture. vabe brings together students and faculty from both schools to approach the design of the built environment as artist and architect. by crossing the boundaries of these traditionally separated professions, students learn to examine the built environment from the perspective of aesthetics, creativity, social culture, construction, utility, meaning, and history. visit the vabe projects website for more information contact: jason grossi coordinator - visual art and the built environment (vabe) visual arts and the built environment [vabe] university of windsor school of creative arts armouries building 37 university ave. e. windsor, on, canada n9a 1e4 (519) 253-3000 ext 2781 jgrossi@uwindsor.ca share tweet save upcoming events university of detroit mercy lecture series. agw exhibitions current exhibitions. fridays live! monthly openings, artist talks, and music at the agw. news? april 5th, 2022 architecture is not only habitable space but liveable sculpture my name is leonae nichol and i am a recent graduate of the vabe program at the university of windsor/ udm... read more... stressful, exciting and demanding read more... have fun, that's where creativitiy and genius starts read more... read all news share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
