https://uwsa.ca/uwsa-services/walksafe/
walksafe - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union home ? services ? walksafe just dial 0 from a campus phone! walksafe is a free service provided for all students, faculty, employees and visitors at the university of windsor. walksafe is a student-run, student-staffed volunteer program provided by the uwsa to ensure that everyone at the university of windsor feels safe on our campus when travelling at night. feel free to use this free service anytime you want a walk to your home or car. it is simple to request a walk. there are three ways to contact walksafe to request a walk: just dial 0 (ext. 0), or call ext. 3504 from any university of windsor phone. press the ?walksafe? button on any bell payphone on campus. ask a walksafe volunteer who is already on duty. if you have any questions about walksafe please contact the walksafe coordinator, at walksafe@uwindsor.ca or call ext. 3504 to leave a message. get involved! walksafe is always looking for volunteers! contact the walksafe coordinator for more details. walksafe contact info madison west (she/her) caw student centre 2nd floor, rm. 233 401 sunset ave windsor, on, n9b 3p4 519-253-3000 ext. 3504 walksafe@uwindsor.ca hours of operation closed due to covid-19 in the right place and time after hearing an infant?s first cry, a pair of white wings from the bed of clouds would fall from the skies.everyone had a guardian angel. their kind stood bright, cherubic, and rosy-cheeked. their strong wings stretched for miles and shielded their wards from harm, with the promise of protection said on musical tongues that any child would believe. the only exception was that their assigned guardian angel would be the only one they could see. read more poems way back i can?t answer these scars, speaking out loud and messing my mind? read more uwsa postpones lancerpalooza evening events hey lancers, we?ve seen the incredible demand for the uwsa welcome week ?lancerpalooza? evening events and we know students are read more in the news be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
