https://www.uwindsor.ca/success/319/about-lead
want to be a lead volunteer? | student success and leadership centre skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students student success and leadership centre student success and leadership centre main menu your success matters! bounce back external scholarships & awards lead leadership hub orientation outstanding scholars relay for life skills to enhance personal success (steps) writing support desk support for parents contact information your success matters! bounce back external scholarships & awards lead leadership hub orientation outstanding scholars relay for life skills to enhance personal success (steps) writing support desk support for parents contact information uwindsor home student success and leadership centre main menu want to be a lead volunteer? want to be a lead volunteer? volunteer with lead to make a difference both on and off-campus! applications for all lead positions will open in february 2022. in the meantime, you can review the volunteer commitments, the different positions available, and the steps to apply. check back here in february to apply. learn how to apply lead volunteer expectations as a lead volunteer, you will... develop a stronger sense of student identity and pride graduate with more relevant work skills become aware of campus services and resources, and use them to maximize your unique university experience develop a sense of respect and interest for those who are different from you create connections and networks our purpose is to provide experiential learning opportunities to students, that stimulate their personal growth and development throughout their university career by utilizing the five fundamentals of lead. 1. mentorship: to guide and support a peer throughout their transition to the uwindsor campus culture. 2. critical thinking: to self-reflect and consider perspectives different from their own and use these judgments in real-world applications. 3. teamwork: to work effectively and respectively as part of a group towards a common goal. 4. professionalism: to exhibit conduct that meets the goals, and qualities that demonstrate a superior customer service experience. 5. campus spirit: to positively represent and take pride in uwindsor. lead monthly calendars 2022 share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
