https://www.apple.com/watch/
watch - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel apple watch series 7 apple watch se apple watch series 3 apple watch nike apple watch herm?s apple watch studio compare bands airpods accessories apple fitness+ watchos shop watch apple watch apple watch series 7 full screen ahead. buy learn more watch the film series 7 series 3 our largest display yet. over 50% more screen area than series 3. apple watch se heavy on features. light on price. buy learn more which apple watch is right for you? +6 more apple watch series 7 buy learn more view in ar 45mm or 41mm swimproof1 most crack-resistant front crystal certified ip6x dust resistant1 always-on retina display nearly 20% larger than apple watch se over 50% larger than series 3 blood oxygen app2 ecg app3 high and low heart rate notifications irregular heart rhythm notification4 emergency sos5 international emergency calling6 fall detection cellular available7 family setup ? pair multiple watches with one iphone8 apple watch se buy learn more view in ar 44mm or 40mm swimproof1 retina display over 30% larger than series 3 high and low heart rate notifications irregular heart rhythm notification4 emergency sos5 international emergency calling6 fall detection cellular available7 family setup ? pair multiple watches with one iphone8 apple watch series 3 buy learn more view in ar 42mm or 38mm swimproof1 retina display high and low heart rate notifications irregular heart rhythm notification4 emergency sos5 compare all models shop apple watch family setup your family joined at the wrist. now family members who don?t have an iphone can stay in touch with apple watch. learn more shop apple watch family setup one iphone makes everyone's apple watch tick. with family setup, everyone in the family, like your kids and older adults, can have an apple watch. even those who don?t have their own iphone yet. it?s all the connectivity, wellness, and safety features you love, for everyone you love. fun and independence for them. peace of mind for you. pairing is caring. family setup lets you pair watches for your children and older family members to your iphone. everyone gets their own phone number, and you can manage each watch using the apple watch app on your iphone. a great call for kids. with family setup, kids get to experience many of the capabilities of apple watch. they can stay in touch with the people you approve, by calling and texting. and have fun streaming music, downloading apps, and paying for stuff with apple cash family. you can also schedule schooltime to limit apple watch features when they need to focus. even the activity rings have been rethought to better reflect how they exercise ? tracking move minutes instead of active calories. and with location sharing, you?ll get alerts when kids get home or aren?t where they?re expected to be. a smart call for older adults. apple watch can open up a whole new world for older family members. they get the same connectivity benefits of apple watch, like calling, texting, and location sharing to stay close to the family. and if they need it, they can make the text larger or bolded. safety features. apple watch comes with important safety features like fall detection which can detect if your loved ones have taken a hard fall. if it senses they're immobile, emergency sos will connect them with emergency services ? even if they haven't signed up for a cellular plan. they can also get help in an emergency ? all over the world by simply pressing and holding the side button. health features. apple watch can alert family members if it detects unusually high or low heart rates, as well as measure their current heart rate. and all the activity goals, including stand hours and exercise minutes, can be customized to a level that works for older family members. apple fitness plus get 3 months free when you buy an apple watch.9 shop apple watch learn about apple fitness+ see what?s new get credit toward a new apple watch.10 with apple trade in, just give us your eligible apple watch and get credit for a new one. it?s good for you and the planet. find your trade-in value get 3% daily cash back with apple card. and pay for your new apple watch over 24 months, interest?free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more apple watch studio any case. any band. any style you want. create your style why apple watch it's the ultimate device for a healthy life. learn more watchos 8 a look inward. a leap forward. see what?s new apple watch essentials new hues in bloom. shop the latest bands magic runs in the family. explore all airpods models and find the best ones for you. learn more free delivery and free returns. see checkout for delivery dates. learn more pay monthly at 0% apr you can pay over time when you choose to check out with apple card monthlyapple card monthly installments.* learn more get more out of apple watch apple one bundle up to six apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free11 learn more apple music over 90 million songs. start listening for free today. try it free12 learn more three rings. one goal. see how to close your activity rings on apple watch health app now with a healthy dose of updates. learn more apple research app the future of health research is in you. learn more apple footer * apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see https://support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. if you choose the pay-in-full or one-time-payment option for an acmi eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card?s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, sprint, verizon, or t-mobile. apple watch series 7, apple watch se, and apple watch series 3 have a water resistance rating of 50 meters under iso standard 22810:2010. this means that they may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. however, they should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing, or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. series 7 is also rated ip6x dust resistant. blood oxygen app measurements are not intended for medical use, including self-diagnosis or consultation with a doctor, and are only designed for general fitness and wellness purposes. the ecg app is available on apple watch series 4 and later (not including apple watch se) with the latest version of ios and watchos. see apple.com/watch for compatibility details. ecg is not intended for use by people under 22 years old. with the ecg app, apple watch is capable of generating an ecg similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram. irregular rhythm notification requires the latest version of watchos and ios. it is not intended for use by people under 22 years old or those who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (afib). apple watch series 7 (gps + cellular) and apple watch se (gps + cellular) can use a cellular connection for emergency sos. to use emergency sos on an apple watch without cellular, your iphone needs to be nearby. if your iphone isn?t nearby, your apple watch needs to be connected to a known wi-fi network and you must set up wi-fi calling. the international emergency calling feature requires an apple watch series 7 (gps + cellular) or apple watch se (gps + cellular) model. for a list of supported countries and regions, see apple.com/watchos/feature-availability. wireless service plan required for cellular service. contact your service provider for more details. connection may vary based on network availability. international roaming is not supported. check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. see support.apple.com/en-us/ht207578 for additional setup instructions. not all features will be available if the apple watch is set up through family setup. wireless service plan required for cellular service. contact your service provider for more details. check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. $9.99/month after trial. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. one subscription per family sharing group. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple?s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $9.99/month after free trial. no commitment. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. case and band combinations can be made within collections (apple watch, apple watch nike, and apple watch herm?s) only. apple watch requires an iphone 6s or later with the latest ios version. features are subject to change. some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. view complete list. bands subject to availability. ? apple watch shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home ipod touch airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright ? 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
