https://www.uwindsor.ca/fahss/541/welcome
welcome to fahss | faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of arts, humanities, and social sciences about fahss departments undergraduate programs graduate programs research support fahss faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences about fahss about fahss welcome to fahss faculty & staff office of the dean, fahss office of the associate dean, academic & student success office of the associate dean, research office of the associate dean, student experience & interdisciplinary studies academic policies academic forms sessional postings meet the fahss indigenous scholars the paul martin professorship covid-19 updates & information academic advisors by program humanities research group contact us about fahss welcome to fahss faculty & staff office of the dean, fahss office of the associate dean, academic & student success office of the associate dean, research office of the associate dean, student experience & interdisciplinary studies academic policies academic forms sessional postings meet the fahss indigenous scholars the paul martin professorship covid-19 updates & information academic advisors by program humanities research group contact us uwindsor home faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences about fahss welcome to fahss welcome to fahss dean?s welcome message: hello and welcome to the faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences at the university of windsor ? or fahss, for short! the university of windsor sits on the traditional territory of the three fires confederacy of first nations, comprised of the ojibway, the odawa, and the potawatomie. we respect the longstanding relationships with first nations people in this place in the 100-mile windsor-essex peninsula and the straits ? les d?troits ? of detroit; and are grateful to have the opportunity to teach, research, work and live in this community. our faculty is the largest on campus with approximately 5,000 full and part-time students. we offer over fifty degree programs and a wide range of unique undergraduate certificates and minors in the fine and performing arts, the humanities and culture, as well as in the social sciences - home to accredited professional programs in social work and psychology. we pride ourselves in our student-centred approach that allows everyone who comes here the flexibility and support to create their own educational experience whether that be through combining programs and certificates or minors across different areas, taking a double-major degree program, or through immersion in some of our unique interdisciplinary experiences. these include our aeronautics leadership program that offers pilot training alongside a university education; our one-of-a-kind visual arts in the built environment (vabe) arts-based architecture program; our popular concurrent bachelor of education combined programs offered with our faculty of education; alongside value-added certificates and minors in anthrozoology, work and employment, indigenous studies, race & ethnicity, and film studies, to name just a few. i encourage you to peruse our website and drop by for a visit. we are eager to help you discover your own unique career path and our friendly fahss advisors are ready and willing to help you plan your next steps! as a member of our fahss family, you will not only gain an excellent education, but we also offer important opportunities for you to learn outside of the classroom and to develop life and employment skills including competencies in research and leadership to allow you to help solve the big picture problems of our time. undergraduate and graduate research opportunities ? in our community and abroad - are readily available in fahss, alongside peer mentorship training and application. we also recognize this training through our lead scholar medallion program upon graduation. we are here to support you in your journey toward the next chapter in your life. our fahss transform program helps students transition from high school to university. our fahss app allows you easy access to learning communities, peer and mental health supports, important academic and non-academic information, and quick answers to your questions - all at your fingertips through your phone. here in fahss, your success is our success. we are excited to be a part of your academic journey, which will undoubtably be ?fahssome!? dr. cheryl collier dean of fahss professor, political science share tweet save events in fahss stitch 'n bitch fri, 04/08/2022 - 14:00 speaker series apr.8 fri, 04/08/2022 - 15:00 uwindsor jazz cabaret fri, 04/08/2022 - 19:30 mfa group show - traces mon, 04/11/2022 - 09:00 mfa group show - traces tue, 04/12/2022 - 09:00 more fahss twitter feed tweets by uwinfahss share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
