https://conta.cc/3IKwYOD
welcome back to campus return to campus life and community e-newsletter - january 28, 2022 january 28, 2022 welcome back to campus monday, january 31 will mark the return to in-person work, learning and on-campus activities. with a greater on-campus presence, the vibrance and energy of our campus will return in ways that have been longed for community-wide over the last 20 months. it's important to remember that monday's return to campus is likely an all new experience for many students, faculty and staff. let's make kindness and patience a priority as we learn and work together while supporting a safe return. we remain confident in our multi-faceted approach to keeping everyone on campus as safe as possible. much like the holes in the layers of swiss cheese, no single action is perfect, but together they are a robust approach to a gradual and safe return. the combination of efforts such as mandatory vaccination, daily health screening through the self-assessment questionnaire, building access protocols, mask requirements and physical distancing guidelines will reduce transmission risks. mask requirement resource looking for a visual reference guide to help provide mask requirement guidance? students, faculty and staff can review the mask requirement guidance for campus spaces resource document. as a reminder, masks are required to be worn across campus. they are a simple and effective tool to keep each other safe. read the mask policy to learn more. campus services update visit the available and remote campus services page on the return to campus website for the most up-to-date listing of what's open for in-person, by appointment in-person and remote service. the colour-coded listing is continuously updated. the page currently reflects service levels effective monday, january 31. with the easing of provincial restrictions, a greater number of in-person services will be available on campus to support students, faculty and staff. covid-19 ventilation strategy the university of windsor is following best-practice recommendations from industry-recognized bodies to maximize air quality across campus buildings. the covid-19 ventilation strategy document details the multi-step, preventative approach to reduce and/or eliminate health risks. campus building entrance reminder only designated building entrances can be used to enter campus buildings. qr code scanners are located at these designated entrances. refer to these maps or download campusgo (the new wayfinding app) to navigate to these designated entrances. complete the daily self-assessment questionnaire prior to coming to campus. if you receive a red "denied" badge, do not come to campus. if you receive a green "approved" qr code badge, you may proceed to campus. remember, scan your green "approved" qr code badge every time you enter a campus building. please be patient and allow yourself extra time as the scanning process may lead to potential delays. have your qr code ready to scan and leave space while queueing for the scanners. rtc safety ambassadors will be stationed in buildings across campus to assist and minimize delays. have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
