http://www.uwindsor.ca/humankinetics/308/welcome
welcome | faculty of human kinetics skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students faculty of human kinetics about hk kinesiology undergraduate graduate research centres athletics & rec alumni news & events support hk faculty of human kinetics faculty of human kinetics in this section welcome hk & lancers history hk staff equity diversity & inclusivity contact hk remembering bob boucher department of kinesiology lancers athletics lancers recreation alumni support hk social media centre for human performance and health contact kin hk newsletter hk strategic plan welcome hk & lancers history hk staff equity diversity & inclusivity contact hk remembering bob boucher department of kinesiology lancers athletics lancers recreation alumni support hk social media centre for human performance and health contact kin hk newsletter hk strategic plan uwindsor home faculty of human kinetics welcome welcome click to view the university's covid-19 info page welcome to the faculty of human kinetics! welcome to the faculty of human kinetics at the university of windsor, home to the department of kinesiology and the division of athletics and recreation services. human kinetics prides itself on having an impactful curriculum and a demonstrated passion for helping students achieve their educational and career goals. if you are searching for an educational experience that allows you to reach your potential, human kinetics at the university of windsor is for you. students in hk have unlimited pathways for success. many of our undergraduate and graduate students compliment their education with internships, co-operative education, and work-integrated-learning opportunities. others engage in impactful research alongside our hk faculty, while other students focus on developing their leadership skills through our kinone program or as a member of our student government. with award-winning teaching scholars in the classroom and faculty who are respected worldwide for their significant research, it is not surprising that hk graduates continue to make a positive impact on the local, national, and international stage. athletics and recreation services is the hub of campus activity for sport and recreation programming. whether you are a high-performance athlete, an avid participant in intramurals or simply keen to learn about wellness through recreation, ars is committed to providing all members of the lancer community leading edge programs and services to enrich the university learning experience. the opening of the new lancer centre, scheduled for spring 2022 will solidify the university of windsor as one of the leading athletics facilities in the country. it is an exciting time in the faculty of human kinetics. please connect with us to learn more about how hk can help you meet your academic and career goals. sincerely, dr. linda rohr dean, faculty of human kinetics share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
