https://www.uwindsor.ca/humanresources/736/supervisors-toolkit
welcome to the supervisor's toolkit | human resources skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students human resources human resources services and initiatives home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events home welcome faculty & staff benefits pensions professional development workplace wellness academic labour relations employee relations staff labour relations new employee hub safety services and initiatives employee recognition program employee recruitment flexible work arrangements organizational development service excellence smoke-free campus succession planning program supervisor's toolkit take our kids to work day volunteer at convocation covid-19 employee pulse check survey about uwindsor hr quick links communications contact us events human resources services and initiatives welcome to the supervisor's toolkit welcome to the supervisor's toolkit the supervisor's toolkit consists of stand alone information sheets designed to share with people leaders best practices on a wide array of topics. information sheets will be posted on this site as they are released. this initiative has been designed to address the areas of focus emerging from the covid-19 employee pulse check survey. building a culture of trust trust is essential to boosting employee engagement and motivation. when trust is present in the work environment, employees feel psychologically safer, are proud of where they work and are more willing to go above and beyond to achieve organizational goals (achievers.com). supervisors play a key role in building a culture of trust within their teams. supervisors can create the conditions in the work environment for employees to feel a sense of belonging, be more connected to their teams and where individuals feel comfortable asking questions, sharing ideas, and expressing their thoughts (achievers.com). this information sheet highlights 5 strategies supervisors can use to foster a culture of trust within their teams. download the information sheet promoting a culture of wellness supervisors play a critical role in encouraging and enabling a culture of wellness within their teams. as people leaders, supervisors have the opportunity to foster a workplace that encourages and promotes the wellbeing of their teams/colleagues. supervisors can create the conditions in the work environment that promote healthy behaviours and encourage employees to create healthy habits in both their personal and professional lives. this information sheet highlights some simple things that supervisors can do to promote a culture of wellness within their teams. download the information sheet having supportive conversations the last year has been an emotionally overwhelming time for many employees. as the university continues to plan for a safe return to campus activities, many employees may feel worried and anxious about coming back, while others may feel enthusiastic and energized about the return to some ?normalcy?. having supportive conversations can help ease the transition back to campus. supportive conversations should make the individual feel safe discussing mental health concerns and other challenges that they may be experiencing and feel supported. such types of conversations require trust and working from a place of compassion. this document highlights some guidelines that supervisors should consider when having these important conversations. download the information sheet strategies to support employees transition back to campus while some employees may feel enthusiastic and energized about the fall return to campus, others may experience re-entry anxiety. as the conversations about returning to campus continue to emerge, employees may experience symptoms of anxiety, panic and worry; they may feel stressed and overwhelmed, experience trouble with sleep, tiredness and irritability and may withdraw from colleagues. these reactions are normal and expected in times of change and transition. this document outlines some strategies that supervisors can use to support employees to successfully transition from remote to on-campus work. download the information sheet leading a hybrid work team as we continue the gradual transition of employees back to campus in accordance with public health measures, you may find yourself managing a hybrid work team. hybrid work teams may operate on a rotating schedule (where different members of the team work on campus and remotely based on a set schedule) or where some team members continue to work remotely while others transition full-time to work on-campus. this document outlines 5 strategies for leading and managing an inclusive, engaging, and supportive hybrid work team. download the information sheet helping our teams cope with return to campus anxiety after working virtually for more than a year and seeing co-workers/students only on the screen, the thought of coming back to campus and having in-person interactions can feel overwhelming. some employees may be feeling anxious about returning to routines that were once comfortable but have now become unfamiliar. the greatest adjustment will be around boundaries and physical distancing. the information sheet highlights: why some individuals may be anxious about returning to campus, how to cope with feelings of anxiety and how people leaders can help. download the information sheet download the document for employees share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
