https://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/we-magazine-2021
we magazine 2021 | faculty of engineering skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students menu future students faculty of engineering about engineering departments undergraduate graduate research news & events current students news and events we - windsor engineering magazine we - windsor engineering magazine we 2021 we 2020 we 2019 we 2018 we 2017 newsletters news archive tools and templates contact we - windsor engineering magazine we 2021 we 2020 we 2019 we 2018 we 2017 newsletters news archive tools and templates contact follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin faculty of engineering home news and events we - windsor engineering magazine we magazine 2021 we magazine 2021 it has been an extreme honour to join the faculty of engineering and its dedicated team in helping nearly 3,400 undergraduate and graduate students thrive and grow on their engineering journey. despite the uncertainties presented by the pandemic, we are striving to return to a somewhat more normal learning environment in winter 2022 with a focus on in-person learning, mentoring and collaborative experiences that will help our students flourish. our changing global landscape is evolving our engineering profession and our faculty is adapting. our feature article in this issue of we centres on a cluster of researchers that are tackling housing and food scarcity through a holistic lens to develop and design sustainable, long-term engineering solutions. you?ll read about the significance of preparing a diverse pool of leaders for the blossoming clean energy sector and how our researchers are partnering with industry to drive a nationwide change. you?ll learn that the university of windsor is home to canada?s first organization dedicated to countering threats to the connected transportation marketplace and how a faculty member is calling for a revolutionary change to our production systems, consumption choices, energy systems and technologies to achieve environmental stability. you?ll also be introduced to two trailblazers: lisa lortie, an alumna who was recently named a leader in the north american auto industry and whose advice on navigating the automotive sector during the covid crisis was published in a book; and roman de angelis, a third-year mechanical engineering student, professional driver and detroit grand prix winner who raises funds for children?s hospitals with his racing team. as agents of change ourselves, we are committed to the principals of equity, diversity and inclusion and have made it a priority to increase the number of underrepresented groups in engineering by providing enhanced entrance scholarships for black, indigenous, and female students. we are also committed to hiring an equity, diversity and inclusion advisor for engineering to help everyone ? faculty, staff, and students ? in their personal journey down this important path. i am looking forward to connecting with all of you and to inviting you back to campus soon. i encourage you to reach out and introduce yourselves through linkedin or by contacting me at deanengg@uwindsor.ca. bill van heyst, ph.d., p.eng. dean, faculty of engineering professor, civil and environmental engineering share tweet save follow us: follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on youtube follow us on instagram follow us on linkedin share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
