https://www.wechu.org/mental-health/where-get-help
where to get help | the windsor-essex county health unit skip to main content toggle navigation home about us jobs events forms newsroom reports inspections contact us search form search website header windsor | leamington 519-258-2146 | 1-800-265-5822 facebook instagram twitter youtube linked in rss fr sign up for alerts, news, monthly newsletter and job postings facebook instagram twitter youtube linked in rss fr sign up for alerts, news, monthly newsletter and job postings toggle navigation site content navigation covid-19 self-assessment testing locations check your results information for... farms & temporary foreign workers healthcare providers individuals & families individuals with symptoms, positive cases, close contacts long-term care homes & shelters ressources en fran?ais sur la covid-19 schools & childcare centres workplaces, organizations & facilities local data potential public exposures restrictions vaccines get your covid-19 vaccine - wevax get your vaccination receipt information for health care workers local vaccination statistics ministry resources classes and clinics classes epinephrine auto-injector e-learning course food handler course food safety for all ispa non-medical conscience or religious exemption education personal service settings e-learning course pool and spa course prenatal classes ryan's law: asthma in the school e-learning course triple p positive parenting program tuberculosis (tb) course clinics breastfeeding support clinic car seat clinic health unit dental clinics flu shot clinic immunization clinics nurse practitioner sexual health clinic your health a-z health topics dental baby oral health program healthy smiles ontario ontario seniors dental care program preventative dental services falls and injury prevention find a doctor or health care provider food safety inspection reports food safety for businesses food handler course special events information special event/market organizer application special event food vendor application food safety at home food safety complaints/illness healthy eating immunization your child's immunization record immunization requirements for school school based immunization clinics frequently asked questions school suspensions local immunization coverage ipac lapses physical activity substance use alcohol cannabis supervised injection services (sis) community consultation opioids smoking & vaping visual health at home vision tests how often does a child need an eye exam? signs of a visual problem visual health resources what are some ways to improve a child?s vision health? pregnancy and parenting ask a nurse baby-friendly initiative childbirth feeding your baby feeding your child health before pregnancy home visiting program immunization for your children immunization record your environment air quality outdoor air quality hydrogen sulfide beaches pools and spas beach water testing beach safety blue-green algae bloom climate change and health drinking water boil water advisories fluoride private well water small drinking water systems emergency preparedness extreme heat flooding nuclear pandemic power outage tornadoes winter storms extreme weather cold weather heat warnings healthy homes inspection requests form for pss operators lodging home inspections pre-operational recreational water inspections seasonal housing inspections sun safety property and septic records search request form for professionals childcare providers flourish: a physical literacy resource dental professionals educators auto-injector course chickenpox reporting form oral health for educators ryan?s law and asthma for educators health care providers diseases of public health significance influenza investigation and reporting forms tobacco cessation tuberculosis (tb) management updates & alerts vaccine providers sexually transmitted infections zoonotic and vector-borne diseases mandatory blood testing act naloxone program community partners outbreaks personal service settings body piercing ear piercing facials, make-up application, and waxing floatation tanks form for pss operators hair salons and barber shops manicures, pedicures, and nail treatments pharmacists veterinarians updates & alerts workplace health programs healthy at work webinar series luncheon series living wage workplace wellness program resources tobacconist and speciality vape store owners reports mental health where to get help where to get help question or comment? main page content if you are feeling overwhelmed or experiencing high levels of stress, it is important to talk to someone about how you are feeling. reaching out for support can be very helpful in managing stress and dealing with overwhelm. there are many local and provincial supports and services available for assistance, no matter what you are dealing with. please call ahead of time to each organization prior to accessing any in-person services or utilize the telephone-based or online services listed below. supports and services: for adults & young adults local support services community crisis centre: h?tel dieu grace healthcare (hdgh) hdgh?s community crisis centre offers mental health services for individuals ages 16+ who are experiencing an acute mental illness and/or psychosocial crisis. the community crisis centre offers intervention services 24/7 to individuals who require immediate assessment, psychosocial intervention, medical intervention or support. services are provided at no cost upon presentation of a valid ohip card. available services include: 24-hour crisis telephone line: 519-973-4435. walk-in crisis services: community crisis centre within the transitional stability centre 744 ouellette avenue 8:00 a.m. ? 8:00 p.m. 7 days/week windsor regional hospital: ouellette campus, emergency department 1030 ouellette avenue 7:00 a.m. ? 11:00 p.m. 7 days/week the mental health & addictions urgent care centre (mhaucc) the mental health & addictions urgent care centre (mhaucc) was developed by cmha-wecb and hdgh in response to the covid-19 pandemic. this service is intended to support individuals aged 16+ who are experiencing a mental health or substance use crisis and cannot safely wait for community mental health and substance use support. it provides support to individuals who are experiencing an urgent mental health or substance use concern and require urgent care. it also serves individuals who are at risk of worsening mental health conditions during the pandemic and may require hospitalization. services are available at the crisis and mental wellness centre (tsc), which is located at 744 ouellette avenue. for more information about the services and programs available, please contact at 519-257-5111 ext. 77968. hours of operation for the mhaucc are monday to friday from 11:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. self-referral, physician and healthcare provider referrals are accepted. walk-in services are offered during all hours of operation. canadian mental health association ? windsor-essex county branch (cmha-wecb) the canadian mental health association ? windsor-essex county branch offers a variety of mental health programs and services, including those for individuals with serious to moderate mental illnesses, substance use issues, bereavement issues, and many others. please visit their website for more information about the programs and services that are available. a pandemic therapist is currently available through cmha-wecb to offer support to individuals aged 16+ who are struggling with moderate to severe anxiety, depression, grief, trauma, ptsd, or other mental health concerns as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. to be referred to this service, please contact the coordinated access line at 519-973-4435. cmha-wecb is also offering a free series of mental wellness webinars during the covid-19 pandemic via zoom. a wide range of mental health and wellness topics are included in the webinar series. some topics are: bereavement parenting through grief yoga for healthy living first responder family mental health sobriety support (s.t.a.g.e.s) to register for a webinar(s), please visit cmha-wecb?s online registration page. pre-recorded webinars on mental health and wellness during the covid-19 pandemic can also be found on cmha-wecb?s youtube channel. community partnership (cup) community partnership is offering their client services via telephone, email and in-person by appointment. client services include counselling, wellness checks, advocacy, and support. to access services, please contact cup by phone at 519-966-8203 or by email at info@cupartner.ca. southwest ontario aboriginal health access centre (soahac) the southwest ontario aboriginal health access centre (soahac) is providing crisis counselling support services by telephone to individuals from first nations, metis, and inuit communities during the covid-19 pandemic. please contact soahac by phone at 519-916-1755 for more information about the services available or to schedule a telephone appointment. mental health connections mental health connections is a local organization that provides psycho-social rehabilitative services to clients with a mental illness. during the covid-19 pandemic, mental health connections is offering a number of online programs and classes, including those that focus on self-care and meditation (mindfulness), recovery strategies, anxiety/depression, and fitness. to learn more about the online programs/classes that are available and/or to register for a program/class, please contact mental health connections at 519-256-4854 or click here to see their monthly calendar. family services windsor-essex (fswe) - counselling appointments and walk-in counselling clinics counselling appointments and walk-in counselling clinics are available through family services windsor-essex. affordable counselling fees are determined through a sliding scale based on household income, family size, and ability to pay, which may be covered through a workplace employee assistance program, a healthcare benefit/package, or a financial subsidy. at this time, counselling appointments and walk-in counselling clinics are being coordinated and offered over the phone by calling 1-888-933-1831 or 519-966-5010. limited in-person appointments are available at this time. please contact fswe directly by telephone to set up a telephone session with a qualified counsellor. trans wellness ontario trans wellness ontario, formerly known as windsor-essex transgender & allied support (w.e. trans support) is a local organization that provides health and wellness services to lgbtqia2s+ communities and their families. programs and services available during the covid-19 pandemic include: counselling services ? counselling services are currently being conducted over the phone or through doxy due to covid-19 restrictions. to book an intake, please call the reception desk at 226-674-4745 or email reception@transwellness.ca. support groups ? support groups provide the opportunity for community members to connect with each other in a safe and welcoming environment and to explore their identity, emotions, and experiences. each group is facilitated by staff members with lived experience. all support groups are currently talking place through zoom. if you are interested in joining a support group, please email reception@transwellness.ca with your name, pronouns, and what group(s) you are interested in joining. to learn more about other programs and services available, please visit https://www.transwellness.ca/. windsor-essex community health centre (wechc) the windsor essex community health centre offers a variety of services for mental health and mental health promotion. visit wechc.org for information about the programs offered at their various locations including: teen health centre (12-24 years) ? offers individual and group counselling for youth aged 12-24 on a wide variety of topics (including depression, anxiety, substance use, grief, suicidal thoughts, self-harm, and eating disorders). province-wide services (virtual and/or telephone-based) bounce back ontario bounce back ontario is a free skill-building program managed by the canadian mental health association (cmha). it is designed to help adults and youth 15+ manage low mood, mild to moderate depression, and anxiety, stress, or worry. delivered over the phone with a coach and through online videos, individuals will have access to tools that will support them on their path to mental wellness. centre for addiction & mental health ? hope mobile application hope by camh is a free smartphone app that provides suicide prevention information, tools and crisis resources to support and guide individuals when they are experiencing thoughts of suicide. one of the key features of this app is the ability for individuals to create a personalized suicide safety plan, which can be done in consultation with their healthcare professional, loved one, or someone who they have a trusting relationship with. the hope by camh safety plan can be accessed at any time ? especially if an individual is experiencing thoughts of suicide ? and it can be updated as their situation changes. it is now available for download on android and ios. togetherall the togetherall is an online community that allows individuals to interact with a supportive network of community members when dealing with anxiety, depression, or other mental health issues. services are clinically managed and designed to support those with mild to moderate need, while having the infrastructure to case manage individuals at risk. the big white wall also offers a vibrant peer-to-peer community where individuals with shared experiences can receive and offer support to one another. services can be accessed by online members 24/7. these services are also moderated 24/7 by trained practitioners who keep online members safe and facilitate the process of helping people in an online environment. centre for addiction & mental health (camh) ? managing your stress and anxiety during covid-19 mobile application the centre for addiction & mental health has developed a mobile application in response to the covid-19 pandemic that provides evidence-based coping strategies to help people manage stress and anxiety during this time. the mobile application is available for download on android and ios. to learn more about the mobile application, please visit camh?s website. hope by camh is a free smartphone app that provides suicide prevention information, tools and crisis resources to support and guide individuals when they are experiencing thoughts of suicide. one of the key features of this app is the ability for individuals to create a personalized suicide safety plan, which can be done in consultation with their healthcare professional, loved one, or someone who they have a trusting relationship with. the hope by camh safety plan can be accessed at any time ? especially if an individual is experiencing thoughts of suicide ? and it can be updated as their situation changes. mindbeacon mindbeacon is a therapist-guided program that offers free mental health support to ontario residents 16 years and older. this cbt-based program can help deal with stress, anxiety, depression, and more. it?s a skills-building approach to therapy, helping you develop resiliency and coping skills to better manage your mental health concerns. it consists of readings, exercises and activities that will help you learn and practice those new skills. mindbeacon also offers a managing alcohol use program based on the principles of cbt. this program provides 12 weeks of access to the mindbeacon platform and includes exercises, information, reading materials, and worksheets, as well as an alcohol consumption tracker. the entire program is completed under the guidance of a therapist, who helps to tailor the material to individual client needs. wellness together canada: mental health and substance use support wellness together canada this service connects canadians to peer support workers, social workers, psychologists, and other professionals for confidential chat sessions or phone calls. the online portal also makes it easier to find credible information about covid-19 and can help individuals address mental health and substance use issues. good 2 talk good 2 talk provides free and confidential mental health and substance use support services for post-secondary students in ontario during the covid-19 pandemic. to access services, please call 1-866-925-5454 or text 686868. hope for wellness hotline the hope for wellness hotline offers immediate mental health counselling and crisis intervention services to all persons who are indigenous across canada during the covid-19 pandemic. telephone support is available 24/7 by phone at 1-855-242-3310 or through online chat. offers immediate mental health counselling and crisis intervention to all indigenous peoples across canada. phone and chat counselling is available in english, french, cree, ojibway and inuktitut. indian residential schools resolution health support program the indian residential schools resolution health support program provides mental health, emotional and cultural support services to eligible former indian residential school students and their families throughout all phases of the indian residential school settlement agreement. national indian residential school crisis line a national indian residential school crisis line has been set up to provide support for former residential school students. you can access emotional and crisis referral services by calling 24-hour national crisis line:1-866-925-4419 missing & murdered indigenous women and girls' inquiry support line a 24 hour national line has been set up to provide support for individuals affected by a missing or murdered indigenous woman/girl?s experience. call 1-844-413-6649 to access support. for children & youth local services youth wellness hub windsor-essex youth wellness hub windsor-essex is a judgment free zone providing mental health supports to youth aged 12-25. programs and services offered are evidence-based and approved by youth in our community. programs and services may be accessed by appointment or during the walk-in hours. no referral is needed. hours of operation are monday, wednesday and friday from 10:00-6:00; tuesday and thursday 10:00-7:00, and saturday 10:00-2:00. for more information call 519-982-3212 or visit their website. regional children's centre the regional children's centre provides quick and confidential access to mental health services for children and youth ages 18 and under and their families/guardians. as a result of covid-19, rcc is offering walk-in counselling clinic services by phone from 8:00 a.m. ? 8:00 p.m. on mondays-thursdays and from 8:00 a.m. ? 4:30 p.m. on fridays by calling 519-257-kids. no appointment or referral is necessary. this service is provided free of charge. maryvale maryvale offers single session mental health services by phone during the pandemic to youth aged 13-17 and their families at 519-419-1397. maryvale offers a number of mental health and wellness programs for children/youth, including counselling and mental health treatment programs. to learn more about the programs and services available, please contact maryvale by phone at 519-419-1397 or visit their website. children first children first offers mental health services for young children and their families. services include a wide range of preventative and treatment interventions, including child and family assessments, brief therapy and counselling, and other supports. children first is currently offering many of their services through phone and video conferencing, and are slowly resuming in-person services. please call 519-250-1850 to speak directly with a children first staff member for more information. teen health centre the teen health centre offers free and confidential counselling for youth ages 12-24 for a variety of mental health concerns, including stress, depression, grief, substance use, and more. contact the teen health centre ahead of time at 519-253-8481 prior to accessing any in-person services or visiting their location. trans wellness ontario trans wellness ontario, formerly known as windsor-essex transgender & allied support (w.e. trans support) is a local organization that provides health and wellness services to lgbtqia2s+ communities and their families. programs and services available during the covid-19 pandemic include: counselling services ? counselling services are currently being conducted over the phone or through doxy due to covid-19 restrictions. to book an intake, please call the reception desk at 226-674-4745 or email reception@transwellness.ca. support groups ? support groups provide the opportunity for community members to connect with each other in a safe and welcoming environment and to explore their identity, emotions, and experiences. each group is facilitated by staff members with lived experience. all support groups are currently talking place through zoom. if you are interested in joining a support group, please email reception@transwellness.ca with your name, pronouns, and what group(s) you are interested in joining. to learn more about other programs and services available, please visit https://www.transwellness.ca/. province-wide services (virtual and/or telephone-based) kid's help phone kid's help phone offers supportive counselling, referrals, and text-based services to youth aged 29 and under who are in crisis or distress. this service is available 24/7 during the pandemic by phone at 1-800-668-6868 or by text at 686868. good 2 talk good 2 talk provides free and confidential mental health and substance use support services for post-secondary students in ontario during the covid-19 pandemic. to access services, please call 1-866-925-5454 or text 686868. lgbt youthline ontario lgbt youthline ontario offers ontario-wide peer-support for lesbian, gay bisexual, transgender, transsexual, two-spirited, queer and questioning young people.647-694-4275. chat, text and email currently available. for older adults local services life after fifty life after fifty continues to provide telephone assurance calls during the covid-19 pandemic to older adults. this is a free service that provides assurance and social contact through weekly phone calls from a screened volunteer. to access this service, please call 519-254-1108. additional covid-19 mental health information & resources to learn more about managing and preventing stress or promoting mental health and wellness during, please see the following resources: general public ministry of health and long-term care: covid-19 fact sheet: resources for ontarians experiencing mental health and addictions issues during the pandemic centre for addictions & mental health: mental health and the covid-19 pandemic health care providers centre for addictions & mental health: resources for health care workers canadian centre on substance use & addiction: managing stress, anxiety, and substance use during covid-19: a resource for health care providers first responders & military workers bc first responders? mental health: covid-19 resources government of canada (national defence): defence team covid-19 ? mental health we help first ? mental health resources for first responders workplaces workplace strategies for mental health ? video series to support mental health during covid-19 canadian mental health association (national) ? 6 tips to respond to employee anxiety about covid-19 windsor-essex county health unit ? workplace mental health promotion & covid-19 financial health government of canada: managing financial health in challenging times financial fitness windsor: covid-19 resources family services windsor-essex offers a wide range of financial counselling and education services through the financial fitness program, including free consultations, budgeting sessions, debt management services, and financial coaching. financial fitness services are currently being offered over the telephone. please contact fswe at 519-966-5010 to set up a telephone session or to get more information parents & guardians school mental health ontario: how to support your child?s mental health during the covid-19 pandemic kid?s help phone: supporting the young people in your life during covid-19 talking to children about the pandemic - fr children & youth kid?s help phone: covid-19 information centre jack.org: covid-19 youth mental health resource hub post-secondary students & staff centre for innovation in campus mental health: covid-19 resources canadian psychological association: psychology works fact sheet: student wellness and covid-19 persons with disabilities and their caregivers canadian association for community living ? covid-19 resource hub centre for addiction & mental health ? covid-19 resources for persons with developmental disabilities and their families immigrants, newcomers, & refugees centre for addiction & mental health: supporting the mental health of immigrants & refugees during covid-19 webinar centre for addiction & mental health: building capacity to support the mental health of immigrants and refugees ? a toolkit for settlement, social, and health service providers centre for addiction & mental health: covid-19 resource hub for service providers who support immigrants and refugees indigenous communities government of canada: coronavirus (covid-19) and indigenous communities m?tis nation covid-19 support programs migrant farm workers connect migrant farm workers to mental health supports ? resource for healthcare and public health practitioners in ontario mental health support for migrant farmer workers in ontario ? spanish resource wechu: covid-19 & mental health ? resource for migrant farm workers in spanish support with alcohol or other substance use where to get help: resources for people use who use substance a listing of helplines, virtual web services, and local services and programs in windsor-essex to support people who use substances. windsor-essex community opioid and substance strategy detailed information on the impacts of covid-19 on people who use substances and those who support them. related content: mental health last modified: monday, april 4, 2022 - 10:22am client feedback survey give us feedback! questions or comments about this content call us at 519-258-2146, or fill out the form below to send us an email. please do not submit personal health information through this form; for more information, view our terms of use. name * email * question or comment * leave this field blank submit printer-friendly version website footer ? windsor-essex county health unit, 2022. all rights reserved. site map terms of use privacy accessibility board of health portal staff log in staff webmail on-call staff remote support
