https://www.uwindsor.ca/coop-workplace-partnerships/316/why-co-op
why co-op? | co-operative education & workplace partnerships skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students co-operative education & workplace partnerships co-operative education & workplace partnerships students welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us uwindsor home co-operative education & workplace partnerships students why co-op? why co-op? co-op at the university of windsor is a partnership between students, employers and the university. the co-operative education program will work with students to help them develop their job search skills, find appropriate placements and define career goals. employers will provide students with challenging work experiences that develop their transferable job skills. faculty members will evaluate student work and help integrate experience from the workplace into the classroom. our programs provide a diverse range of opportunities yet are structured to offer students individual attention. we are proud to offer placement opportunities far beyond windsor and essex county. students who are interested may seek a placement anywhere in canada as well as many other countries around the globe. we have had students working as far away as switzerland and germany! upon completion of a co-op program, students will be able to: apply confidently for employment with an appropriate resume, cover letter and interview preparation. articulate links between classroom theory and workplace practice. achieve greater clarity regarding their academic and career goals, as well as personal strengths, weaknesses and preferences. demonstrate critical workplace professional skills such as: acquisition, application and integration of knowledge; research skills, including the ability to define problems and access, retrieve and evaluate information (information literacy); critical thinking and problem solving skills; responsible behaviour to self, others and society; interpersonal and communications skills; teamwork, personal and group leadership skills; articulate a greater understanding of workplace culture. build, maintain and use networks of contacts in their chosen career field. make an effective contribution in the workplace. share tweet save employer spotlight share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
