https://www.uwindsor.ca/business/313/about
why study at odette | odette school of business skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students odette school of business about odette undergraduate programs graduate programs news & events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business in this section main menu home about dean's message school history our facilities administration & staff centres and partnerships the odette school of business mission, vision, and strategic plan undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research main menu home about dean's message school history our facilities administration & staff centres and partnerships the odette school of business mission, vision, and strategic plan undergraduate programs graduate programs visit odette news and events current students alumni support odette faculty & research odette school of business why study at odette why study at odette at odette, you will quickly discover that education is not just about taking classes. odette students focus on academics, personal growth and career preparation. while our faculty takes the lead in academics, our region?s business community plays key supporting roles in helping you learn beyond the classroom. we also have numerous opportunities to join clubs and to take on independent studies working closely with professors and professionals. the result? at odette, you won?t simply learn about business?you?ll experience it. in addition, the odette school of business (osb) has earned accreditation by aacsb international - the association to advance collegiate schools of business, cpa ontario and supply chain management association ontario (scmao). these recognitions are in addition to osb being one of only eight canadian business schools having ever been invited to full voting membership in the graduate management admission council (gmac). association to advance collegiate schools of business (aacsb) the university of windsor's odette school of business has earned accreditation from the association to advance collegiate schools of business (aacsb), an international organization dedicated to management education. less than 5% of the world's 13,000 business schools have earned this designation. what does aacsb accreditation mean for odette students? aacsb accreditation means the odette school of business is committed to continuing to provide our students an outstanding and incomparable business education experience. chartered professional accountants (cpa) ontario the odette school of business is accredited by the chartered professional accountants of ontario under the cpa national recognition and accreditation standards for post-secondary institutions. what does cpa acreditation and the odette cpa pathway mean for you? the odette school of business's cpa pathway provides students with opportunity to obtain a cpa-accredited mba-professional accounting specialization. students will graduates with a masters of business administration and be eligible to write the national common final examination (cfe). supply chain management association ontario (scmao) supply chain management association ontario (scmao), along with its national and provincial partners, constitute the leading professional association in canada for supply chain management professionals. as a full service professional association, scmao delivers the most extensive range of leadership and skills development programs and educational offerings available, including the cscmp program. supply chain management association ontario (scmao) and the odette school of business have reached an agreement that will provide an efficient path for graduates of the university?s master of management, logistics, and supply chain management program to pursue their certified supply chain management professional (scmp) designation. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
