https://www.uwindsor.ca/44/why-uwindsor
why uwindsor? | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor about the university about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges university of windsor about the university why uwindsor? why uwindsor? the university of windsor is a comprehensive, student-focused university with nearly 15,000 students enrolled in a broad range of undergraduate and graduate programs including several professional schools such as: law, business, engineering, education, nursing, human kinetics and social work. we have strong student-faculty relationships, exceptional award-winning faculty and innovative staff. with comparatively small class sizes and a comprehensive array of student services, clubs and associations, uwindsor provides students with a friendly and supportive learning environment. uwindsor?s strategic plan has five priorities that directly impact our students: providing an exceptional undergraduate experience; pursuing strengths in research and graduate education; recruiting and retaining the best faculty and staff; engaging and building the community through partnerships; and promoting international engagement. the university of windsor also ushered in a new era in september 2015 with the opening of classes at the first phase of its downtown campus in the heart of windsor?s core. the new building, windsor hall ? which retains the historic facade of the former windsor star newspaper building ? houses the school of social work and the centre for executive and professional education. the second phase of the downtown campus is home to the school of creative arts, located in the century-old site of the windsor armouries and the adjacent alan wildeman centre for creative arts. the university overlooks the detroit river on one of canada?s most beautiful waterfronts and is minutes away from north america?s busiest international border crossing. this location speaks to uwindsor?s strength as an internationally oriented, multi-disciplined institution that actively enables a broad diversity of students, faculty and staff to make a better world through education, scholarship, research and engagement. learn more: fast facts our history our mission our location share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
