https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/451/whyvax
why vax? | return to campus skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students return to campus return to campus take a jab! return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! why vax? how do i vax? social media tools on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic action group submit a question return to campus update: march 31, 2022 wear a mask information for students information for faculty information for staff information about research latest news available and remote campus services institutional response to the covid-19 pandemic health & safety: covid-19 guidelines and protocols building and facilities protocols vaccination policy take a jab! why vax? how do i vax? social media tools on-campus pop-up vaccination clinic action group submit a question uwindsor home return to campus take a jab! why vax? why vax? there are dozens of reasons to vaccinate, both personal and medical to keep you and the community safe from the spread of covid-19. the internet provides a wealth of information and misinformation. it?s important to sift through it and get the facts based on science and research. be sure to source trusted and verified websites or contact your health care provider about covid-19 vaccination. top questions about covid-19 and the vaccine answered from verified health organizations and researchers. what is covid-19? covid-19 is an infection caused by a new coronavirus (sars-cov-2). recognized for the first time in december 2019 and has since spread around the world to cause a pandemic. it is mainly passed from an infected person to others when the infected person coughs, sneezes, sings, talks or breathes. infected people can spread the virus even if they have no symptoms (asymptomatic). covid-19 affects everyone, no matter your age, background or health. learn more about covid-19. covid-19 vaccination is one of many tools to battle the virus. continue to follow the health unit guidelines including wearing a mask, keeping 2 metres distance from others and practicing proper hand hygiene. what is the covid-19 vaccine and how does it work? vaccines work by training our immune system to recognize the coronavirus spike protein. it?s these spikes that help the virus enter human cells. by training the immune system through the vaccine, it can protect vaccinated individuals when it sees this protein on the virus itself. after vaccination, the immune system is prepared to quickly respond when it sees this protein on the virus itself, thereby removing the virus quickly before it can invade cells and do extensive damage to your body. the initial dose trains your body to recognize the virus and subsequent doses prolong the duration of protection. (national advisory committee on immunization). important fact: covid-19 vaccines do not contain active virus and you cannot get covid-19 from the vaccine according to the ontario ministry of health. learn more about how vaccines work from medical experts (wechu) or speak to your health care provider with your questions and concerns. are the covid-19 vaccines safe? yes! they were developed under the same strict standards as all vaccines and rigourously tested in clinical trials. only vaccines that health canada determines to be safe and effective will be approved for use in canada and ontario. learn more: vaccine information sheet - ontario ministry of health vaccine development and approval in canada infographic should everyone get the vaccine? according to jessica summerfield, md, bscn, ccfp, in her article ?who should get the vaccine and who should not??, almost everyone should get the vaccine. those who had a severe allergic reaction to the first dose of the covid vaccine will not receive the second dose. those who are very sick with covid-19 on a ventilator will not get the vaccine until their symptoms are cleared and back to usual health. are the vaccines effective? the covid-19 vaccines approved by health canada are effective at preventing severe, symptomatic infection with covid-19. immunity can take up to 14 days to develop and individuals vaccinated will still need to follow public health measures (wechu). the covid-19 vaccines have an efficacy of up to 90%. vaccinated people may still contract and spread covid-19, however all of the covid-19 vaccines authorized for use in canada are highly effective at preventing hospitalizations. learn more from the ontario ministry of health vaccine information sheet. what are the potential side effects? like all vaccines, covid-19 vaccines may cause side effects in both adults and children and can vary from person to person. those who do experience them mostly report mild side effects within the first 1-2 days after vaccination. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
