https://windsor.ctvnews.ca/
windsor news | local breaking | ctv news windsor skip to main content live search ctv windsor close windsor search ctv windsor close news latest news all articles weather community calendar photo galleries contests video latest all video sports ctv news live video help shows news programs ctv news at six ctv news at 11 about who we are about us advertise with us contact us social facebook twitter instagram local other cities atlantic barrie calgary edmonton guelph kitchener lethbridge london montreal northern ontario ottawa prince albert red deer regina saskatoon toronto vancouver vancouver island windsor winnipeg windsor news | local breaking | ctv news windsor 'we want to bring a long weekend culture to canada': flair adding two new canadian destinations flying from windsor airport the airline announced tuesday direct yqg flights are being added to halifax and montreal. 28-year-old driver facing multiple charges following fatal hit and run a 28-year-old windsor woman is facing multiple charges following a fatal hit and run involving a cyclist in the city?s west end. 'everything was destroyed': windsor family fighting with sunwing over stroller and luggage damage for more than 18 months, a windsor woman says she has been trying to get compensation from an airline for a broken stroller and ruined suitcase. complete weather forecast more top stories ontario will soon offer fourth covid-19 vaccine doses to those 60 and above ontario plans to soon start offering fourth doses of covid-19 vaccines to residents aged 60 and older, the province's health minister said on tuesday. average sale price of a home in windsor-essex continues to climb the average sale price of a home in windsor-essex has just gone up by another $188,000. windsor-essex pop-up covid-19 vaccination clinics the windsor-essex county health unit has a number of pop-up clinics planned this week for those looking to get their covid-19 vaccine. man in 70s dies, 46 covid-19 hospitalizations reported in windsor-essex the windsor-essex county health unit is reporting one new death, 106 new high-risk covid-19 cases and 46 hospitalizations on tuesday. u.s. agency opens probe into electric vehicle batteries u.s. safety regulators have opened an investigation into electric and hybrid vehicle batteries after five automakers issued recalls due to possible defects that could cause fires or stalling. windsor fire and rescue awarded $5,000 grant to assist with fire prevention education windsor fire and rescue services received a $5,000 boost to help with the department?s training and development programs for its fire prevention division. toronto police's financial crimes unit to investigate former union head jerry dias toronto police says it is investigating the former president of canada's largest private sector union after the union handed over money he allegedly accepted from a supplier of covid-19 rapid test kits he promoted to members. st. clair college launches online reporting for sexual violence st. clair college students, staff, and faculty have a new online option to report sexual violence. wechu announces return of in-person food handler certification examinations the windsor-essex county health unit says in-person food handler certification examinations will return this month. ontario pcs to increase minimum wage to $15.50 if re-elected in june the ontario progressive conservative government has said that if they are re-elected in june, they will raise the minimum wage by another 50 cents. top videos negotiations between ukraine and russia to resume ont. planning to cut provincial gas tax for 6 months 2022 budget could see new climate programs: guilbeault what to expect from the federal budget on thursday lakeshore frustrated with hydro one path plans igaming now live in ontario editor's picks what to know about canada's travel rules as of april 1 federal officials have announced that fully vaccinated travellers entering canada will not have to show proof of a negative covid-19 test as of april 1. however, other travel rules, such as being fully vaccinated to board federally regulated air, rail, and marine transportation, still apply. lasalle resident getting home ready for eleven ukrainians mary lambros couldn?t sit on the sideline while watching people?s lives being torn apart. feds considering incentives for canadians looking to help incoming ukrainians the federal government is considering offering economic support to canadians who are willing to take in ukrainians who are fleeing the war, according to minister of immigration, refugees and citizenship sean fraser. watch live ctv news at six 6 p.m. ctv news at eleven 11 p.m. links in the news queen's park federal, ontario governments invest $259m each in gm for oshawa, cami facilities the federal and ontario governments are spending $259 million each to support production at general motors facilities in the province, including an electric vehicle production line they say will be the first of its kind in the country. ontario government introduces legislation to temporarily cut gas, fuel taxes ontario plans to temporarily reduce taxes on gas and diesel, but it will only take effect after the june provincial election. the ontario government introduced a new housing bill today. here's what it means ontario's housing minister has introduced legislation to streamline approval processes in a bid to boost the province's housing supply. ctv news on the go rare books anonymously returned decades after going missing millions of birds killed from striking building glass meet spot the four-legged dog robot guarding pompeii stay connected don't miss videos watch: several sea lions breach fish farm in tofino, b.c. several sea lions have found their way into a fish farm near tofino and conservation groups are worried they'll be killed if they stay any longer. children captured carrying and playing with a skunk watch: 2-metre-long snake found hiding in calif. man's couch could a 'sex trap' control spread of murder hornets in b.c.? watch: police rescue kids from half-submerged car in u.s. ottawa introducing $20 internet for low-income canadians this canadian trumpeter is graduating from juilliard here's all you need to know to get ready for allergy season meat suppliers in canada accused of price fixing beef ctvnews.ca top stories zelenskyy at the un accuses russian military of war crimes ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskyy accused the russians of gruesome atrocities in ukraine and told the un security council on tuesday that those responsible should immediately be brought up on war crimes charges in front of a tribunal like the one established at nuremberg after the second world war. satellite images show civilian deaths in ukraine town while it was in russian hands: maxar satellite images taken weeks ago of the town of bucha in ukraine show bodies of civilians on a street, a private u.s. company said, undercutting the russian government's claims that ukrainian forces caused the deaths or that the scene was staged. masking, possible 4th dose needed to tackle canada's latest wave, experts say covid-19 cases and hospitalizations are once again surging across the country, as the more contagious omicron subvariant ba.2 grabs hold in canada. toronto police's financial crimes unit to investigate former union head jerry dias toronto police says it is investigating the former president of canada's largest private sector union after the union handed over money he allegedly accepted from a supplier of covid-19 rapid test kits he promoted to members. canada looking closely at arctic as part of defence spending increase: trudeau prime minister justin trudeau is hinting that new investments are coming for canada's arctic as tensions with russia, and moscow's unpredictability, incite new fears of a potential attack from the north. world-renowned toronto cancer hospital receives $50 million donation a toronto cancer hospital has received a $50 million donation to support research into the disease. do i need a covid test to fly to the u.s.? if you're planning on heading down to the u.s. this spring, ctvnews.ca has what you need to know before crossing the canada-u.s. border. booster shots: canada's vaccine advisory body recommends provinces prep to offer fourth doses provinces and territories should quickly get ready to offer fourth doses of covid-19 vaccines in the coming weeks starting with people over the age of 80 and long-term care residents, the national advisory committee on immunization recommended tuesday. how an unintended building design flaw kills millions of birds across north america an unintended but fatal flaw in the design of building glass has contributed to the deaths of millions of birds in canada and across north america, several years' worth of data compiled by advocates and reviewed by ctvnews.ca show. listen live ctv news video network how to avoid covid-19 infections in your household 'where is the peace?': zelenskyy lashes out at un in speech war crimes in bucha 'just the tip of the iceberg': expert watch: obama returns to white house, makes fun of biden 'it's now or never': climate scientists issue ultimatum 'immunity wanes over time': doc on getting 2nd booster shots watch: u.s. woman rams cruiser, leads police on chase 'just a few seconds' shattered family: teen driver sentenced watch: high-speed pursuit between truck, police in edmonton kitchener developing developing | woman, two children hurt in wellesley crash involving horse and buggy 'the greatest player that i?ve ever been around': uw quarterback garners nfl interest bad behaviors have increased in the workplace, says new u of g study london london police charge three suspects following violent jewelry store robbery local couple turns licence sticker rebate into a charity win 'i am afraid for my life': safety concerns around carepoint supervised consumption site barrie ontario reports 38 per cent increase in covid-19 hospitalizations in last seven days stayner man who turned his car 'into a weapon' sentenced barrie man arrested in child pornography investigation northern ontario fatal shooting on manitoulin island heavy rain on the way in the northeast, some areas will get snow overcrowded animal shelter in sudbury can't take in any more dogs ottawa ottawa teacher, husband facing sexual assault charges covid-19 hospitalizations in ottawa on the rise ottawa police officers on leave for not being vaccinated can return to work toronto ontario pcs to increase minimum wage to $15.50 if re-elected in june 'absolutely no useful animals': ontario farm, angry emu go viral on tiktok with nearly 5m followers toronto police's financial crimes unit to investigate former union head jerry dias montreal quebec extends covid-19 mask mandate until april 30 montreal's canada day parade cancelled for third year in a row bill 96: quebec liberals request withdrawal of cegep french course amendment atlantic n.b. retires covid-19 dashboard, launches new website for data; 9 deaths reported tuesday p.e.i. extends mask mandate to april 28; one new death reported nova scotia legislature moves to hybrid sitting following covid-19 outbreak winnipeg foul play involved in human remains found in rm of woodlands: rcmp 25 years since manitoba's 1997 blizzard and the flood of the century spike belt brings stolen vehicle fleeing police in saskatchewan to a stop in manitoba: rcmp calgary calgary police chief mark neufeld to address 'thin blue line' patches tuesday students thriving in alberta's first virtual designated special education program 1 person injured in fight involving weapons at franklin lrt station edmonton 'a threat': alberta offers $75 bounties for hunting, trapping wild boar rural municipalities of alberta opposes creation of provincial police service more charges announced after 'unprovoked' drive-thru shooting: eps vancouver b.c. lifting vaccine card rules this week, even as rise in cases expected b.c. announces plan to roll out a 2nd covid-19 booster to some as hospitalizations rise vancouver unveils plan to accommodate population growth through 2050 canada b.c. lifting vaccine card rules this week, even as rise in cases expected 'a threat': alberta offers $75 bounties for hunting, trapping wild boar masking, possible 4th dose needed to tackle canada's latest wave, experts say do i need a covid test to fly to the u.s.? quebec extends covid-19 mask mandate until april 30 booster shots: canada's vaccine advisory body recommends provinces prep to offer fourth doses world top general urges more u.s. troops in eastern europe australia, u.k., u.s. alliance to develop hypersonic missiles ivanka trump to testify before panel investigating u.s. capitol attack greece: 2 arrested from sailboat in distress with 70 aboard oklahoma state house approves bill to make abortion illegal satellite images show civilian deaths in ukraine town while it was in russian hands: maxar entertainment toronto artist auctions zelenskyy portrait to support ukraine who is mattea roach? nova scotia woman to appear on jeopardy! chris rock's brother kenny says the slap 'eats' at him health world-renowned toronto cancer hospital receives $50 million donation women who experience childhood abuse may be at increased risk for multiple sclerosis: study booster shots: canada's vaccine advisory body recommends provinces prep to offer fourth doses politics cryptocurrencies gaining traction among conservatives law to help news industry, combat fake news introduced in house of commons public service union seeks more relief for workers affected by phoenix pay system sci-tech more delays for nasa's moon rocket test, fuelling stalled u.s. tested hypersonic missile in mid-march but kept it quiet twitter stock soars after elon musk news: what does this mean for the controversial billionaire? business u.s. jury begins deliberations in ex-goldman banker's 1mdb corruption trial european union proposes russian coal ban in new sanctions stock tied to trump social firm drops on report of turmoil autos high fuel prices are here to stay, experts says u.s. agency opens probe into electric vehicle batteries canada to invest $2b on mineral strategy for ev battery supply chain lifestyle heading back to the office? expert recommends setting clear boundaries and sticking to them 'makes me feel happy': manitoba family donates more than 500 books to rebuild school library 55 dogs strike a pose for b.c. charity fundraiser sports tiger woods intends to play in the masters canada star alphonso davies named top concacaf men's player for 2021 decorated canadian sprint canoeist laurence vincent-lapointe retires search ctv news advertise on ctvnews.ca political ads registry about ctv careers ctv news stox press room editorial standards & policies contact us ctv news programs ctv national news power play w5 ctv question period pop life local news atlanticbarriecalgary edmontonguelphkitchener lethbridgelondonmontreal northern ontarioottawa prince albertred deerregina saskatoontoronto vancouvervancouver island windsorwinnipegyorkton ctv news app video help stay up to date on the latest, breaking news subscribe to newsletter ? 2022 all rights reserved. use of this website assumes acceptance of terms & conditions and privacy policy
