https://www.uwindsor.ca/supportuwindsor/because
windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. | support uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students ways to give support uwindsor annual giving welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give make an online gift now annual giving because. give your word. give your support. give your word employee giving give to a faculty corporate and foundation giving gifts of stock & securities gifts from u.s. friends planned giving volunteer with the alumni association impact stories endowment report about us welcome donate now priorities take a seat black student scholarship initiative windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. transforming uwindsor ways to give make an online gift now annual giving because. give your word. give your support. give your word employee giving give to a faculty corporate and foundation giving gifts of stock & securities gifts from u.s. friends planned giving volunteer with the alumni association impact stories endowment report about us uwindsor home support uwindsor ways to give annual giving windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. windsor proud because. give your word. give your support. the university of windsor?s annual giving campaign for 2021-22 is because. the word because to us has two meanings: it is a reminder of the important work that the university does within our community and society; and for all of us individually, it makes us reflect on what the university of windsor means to us, and why we invest in the future of our school and community. when you make a gift this year, you will be asked to share your ?because? word. to each of us, our word will be a unique reflection of our ties to uwindsor, and together they will become something greater than the sum of their parts: they will be an inspiration as we continue the important work that we all do for our communities and our society. you may choose to make a gift to: the uwin fund, to support the university's most pressing needs one of our outstanding faculties contribute to campus transformation: lancer centre and transforming windsor law athletic teams please make a gift now every gift counts we are all in this together! every donor and every gift counts toward our campaign, and we all have a role to play, regardless of the size of your gift. your generosity allows our students, faculty, and staff to generate new ideas, make new discoveries and solve some of today's most pressing problems. share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
