https://conta.cc/3Ijo2zN
winter 2022 semester commences monday return to campus life and community e-newsletter - january 13, 2022 january 13, 2022 winter 2022 semester commences monday the university of windsor is excited to welcome students and faculty to begin the winter 2022 term on monday with a virtual start. we acknowledge that our students and faculty in education and nursing began their semesters on january 3 in order to accommodate practicum and clinical rotations. as communicated on december 17, we are committed to delivering a two week notice prior to the reopening of campus. accordingly, notification regarding an update for the planned reopening of campus will be provided no later than monday, january 17. the decision to return will be made in consultation with local and provincial health authorities. it's important to note that the return to campus will mark the return to the course delivery modes that were outlined in the winter 2022 timetable. for many, that will mean the return of in-person classes and labs on campus. however, courses (classes and labs) that were designated as online, either exclusively or through hy-flex delivery, will remain online. please review the following updates to the vaccination policy, most notably the attestation deadline for new students (or those whose vaccination status may have changed) and the requirement of ontario's enhanced vaccination certificate with qr code for those who have not yet completed their attestation. please note: if you've previously completed your attestation, you do not need to update your attestation with the enhanced certificate with qr code at this time. however, any subsequent updates to your attestation will require it. attestation deadline due to the delayed start of the winter 2022 semester, new, or returning students whose vaccination status may have changed, are required to complete the attestation of their covid-19 vaccination status by no later than january 31, 2022. to attend campus, you must: be fully vaccinated be partially vaccinated (as per the policy definition) and participating in the rapid antigen testing program have an approved exemption in accordance with the vaccination policy to participate in the rapid antigen testing program have submitted an exemption request in accordance with the vaccination policy and are awaiting a determination of their request and participating in the rapid antigen testing program students who are unable to attend campus, or, who are unable to wear a mask, must choose the online or hy-flex synchronous online / livestream online sections of courses and labs. students may need to contact their program coordinator for any curriculum concerns this may cause. exemption requests must be received by no later than january 24, 2022. to attest to your vaccination status and upload your proof of vaccination (if applicable), visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine and log in with your uwinid and password. you will need the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code to show proof of vaccination. enhanced qr code requirement effective january 10, 2022, proof of vaccination for attestation must be the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code, obtained through ontario's covid-19 website. out of province covid-19 vaccine registration if you received one or more doses of the covid-19 vaccine out of province, register your information with the windsor-essex county health unit (wechu) through the out of province covid-19 vaccine registration in order to receive the enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code. through this process, wechu will verify and record your vaccination records in covaxon. if you do not have an ontario health card, they can provide you with a unique passcode called a covid id. once recorded, you will be able to obtain an enhanced vaccine certificate with qr code through the ontario covid-19 vaccination provincial portal or by calling the provincial vaccine contact centre at 1-833-943-3900 for further assistance. have a question? email returntocampus@uwindsor.ca uwindsor together: return to campus life and community ? ? ? ?
