https://womenoffisheries.org/
women of fisheries - supporting women in fisheries science skip to content women of fisheries supporting women in fisheries science email women.of.fisheries@gmail.com women of fisheries, inc. menu about us officers and board social media committee initiatives women of fisheries gives back! award voices share your story women of fisheries nomination form events meetings fisher adventure classic information happy hours resources shop welcome to women of fisheries! the official webpage of women of fisheries, inc.! browse more fish sister profile: lynn mattes, from fisheries observer to management and policy "have confidence in your knowledge and skills that you bring. if you don?t know something, ask questions. and don?t be afraid to jump in." browse more get hooked on these women-founded businesses that give back if you?ve ever wondered how you can show support for women in the business industry of fisheries, here?s your chance! we?ve rounded up a list of women-founded businesses for you to check out. these businesses offer the best of both worlds ? gear created with women in mind and the... browse more thinking outside the box, keeping it inside the family in our research highlights blog series, we debut newly published fisheries research by our women of fisheries colleagues. if you have research you would like to highlight and share with our readers, submit a nomination form here. this month?s research highlight:munger, j.e., d.p. herrera, s.m. haver, l. waterhouse, m.f. mckenna,... browse more women.of.fisheries welcome to women of fisheries! posted on september 24, 2020september 26, 2020 the official webpage of women of fisheries, inc.! posted in general women.of.fisheries fish sister profile: lynn mattes, from fisheries observer to management and policy posted on march 7, 2022march 7, 2022 ?have confidence in your knowledge and skills that you bring. if you don?t know something, ask questions. and don?t be afraid to jump in.? posted in profiles, voices women.of.fisheries get hooked on these women-founded businesses that give back posted on february 28, 2022february 25, 2022 if you?ve ever wondered how you can show support for women in the business industry of fisheries, here?s your chance! we?ve rounded up a list of women-founded businesses for you to check out. these businesses offer the best of both worlds ? gear created with women in mind and the [?] posted in general, resources kimberly bonvechio thinking outside the box, keeping it inside the family posted on february 21, 2022february 21, 2022 in our research highlights blog series, we debut newly published fisheries research by our women of fisheries colleagues. if you have research you would like to highlight and share with our readers, submit a nomination form here. this month?s research highlight:munger, j.e., d.p. herrera, s.m. haver, l. waterhouse, m.f. mckenna, [?] posted in uncategorized women.of.fisheries be an ally to black women in fisheries science posted on february 17, 2022february 17, 2022 last year, several members of women of fisheries and allies published an article in fisheries and a summary in the fisheries blog discussing how to be an ally to women in science. the same 3 steps to become a better ally that were highlighted in the fisheries blog apply even [?] posted in diversity, profiles, voices chelsey crandall announcing the winners of the 2022 ?women of fisheries gives back!? award posted on february 9, 2022february 9, 2022 thank you to everyone who has made our first award possible! it was an amazing pool of applicants, and thanks to a generous matching donation by dr. carole-anne gillis we were able to give two awards this year! learn more about our winners and how they will use the award [?] posted in uncategorized kimberly bonvechio women of fisheries literature roundup posted on january 10, 2022january 10, 2022 communicating our science is important. the platform and channel we use to do that vary depending on the audience, scope, and information we wish to communicate. we are starting a new blog post series this year that will highlight some of the work being done by women fisheries professionals and [?] posted in uncategorized women.of.fisheries fish sister profile: kim bonvechio, skillfully managing american eel research for florida and finances for women of fisheries posted on january 4, 2022january 4, 2022 we all have a voice, so whenever you can, lift up others and invite them to the fisheries table. posted in profiles, uncategorized, voices chelsey crandall women of fisheries: celebrating 2021 successes posted on december 27, 2021december 27, 2021 as we close out another unique year full of its own set of challenges and uncertainties, we want to celebrate the bright moments of 2021. and our group has much to toast to this year! the women of fisheries have celebrated new jobs, new family members, new homes in new [?] posted in uncategorized chelsey crandall presentation tips and tricks posted on december 20, 2021december 20, 2021 by alex norelli this month, we reached out to the women of fisheries facebook community to discuss presentation tips and tricks. with this post we wanted to find practical, applicable advice that would allow students and professionals alike to prepare for talks with confidence. here are the three questions we [?] posted in resources kimberly bonvechio december research highlight: communicating catfish science posted on december 13, 2021december 13, 2021 welcome to our blog series, research highlights! each month, we debut newly published fisheries research by our women of fisheries colleagues. if you have research you would like to highlight and share with our readers, submit a nomination form! this month?s research highlight:special issue: catfish 2020, communicating catfish science: proceedings [?] posted in uncategorized posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 ? 7 next help support our mission! click the button below to make a quick one-time or monthly contribution to the women of fisheries, inc. funds will be used solely to fund our many initiatives for supporting women in fisheries. we are a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization, so your contribution is tax deductible. thank you! search for: recent posts fish sister profile: lynn mattes, from fisheries observer to management and policy get hooked on these women-founded businesses that give back thinking outside the box, keeping it inside the family be an ally to black women in fisheries science announcing the winners of the 2022 ?women of fisheries gives back!? award archives march 2022 february 2022 january 2022 december 2021 november 2021 october 2021 september 2021 august 2021 july 2021 june 2021 may 2021 april 2021 march 2021 february 2021 january 2021 december 2020 november 2020 october 2020 september 2020 categories discussions diversity events general profiles research highlights resources uncategorized voices | theme: consultant lite by thememattic join our mailing list! enter your email address to get notifications of new women of fisheries blog posts and announcements. don't worry, we won't ever spam or share your information! send holler box
