https://uwsa.ca/services/womxns-centre/
womxn's centre - uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance uwsa ? university of windsor students' alliance uwsa services are now available! see the service status page for more information. home get involved contact us staff directory service coordinators facebook twitter instagram about about uwsa financials in the news uwsa opportunities blog elections 2022 uwsa general election 2022 general election ? candidates elections info past results services afrofest bright pass campus food pantry campus pride centre health and dental plan my student support program nimbus tutoring service peer support centre reserve study space scholarships universal bus pass uwsa office services walksafe womxn?s centre student life get involved blue gold pack equity collectives student centre events the lance student groups student groups student group resources governance board of directors executives important documents minutes representation resources campus map campus safety community legal aid housing info lgbtq+ health guide understanding pronouns for professors in practicum student health guide other student associations we the union we the union home ? services ? womxn?s centre educate. enhance. empower. the womxn?s centre operates as a free campus service providing a safe space and welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds and expressions. as an actively pro-choice, feminist space, the womxn?s centre provides guests with resources and information, as well as a positive, supporting environment and redirection to more specific resources if required. feel free to visit the space to see all the resources and services we offer! mission statement advocacy of the fundamental rights of womankind. to educate others on issues surrounding women. to promote and enhance the status of women objectives to support all women, as individuals or groups, whose needs and aspirations are consistent with our mandate. to advocate for an educational system free of sexual bias. to educate our community on women?s physical, economic, social and mental conditions. to ensure accessibility to all women, especially womxn who face intensive discrimination. to eliminate myths, stereotypes, and ignorance about the womxn?s centre, thus increasing participation and bridging gaps in the community. the womxn?s center is open to volunteers via online application. you can also contact the coordinator for volunteer opportunities. womxn?s centre contact info dana sleiman (she/her) windsor, on, n9b 3p4 room 208, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave 519-253-3000 ext. 4502 womxnctr@uwindsor.ca hours of operation contact the womxns? center coordinator via phone or email for more information. be a part of the student movement and get involved with the uwsa learn more main office windsor, on, n9b 3p4 phone: (519) 971-3600 fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca room 209, 2nd floor caw student centre 401 sunset ave hours of operation mon - thurs: 9 am - 4 pm fri: 9 am - 1 pm sat & sun: closed office by appointment only. creep us facebook twitter instagram copyright ? 2022 uwsa - university of windsor students' alliance privacy contact us
