http://www.labour.gov.on.ca/english/hs/
workplace health and safety | ontario.ca skip to main content ontario.ca needs javascript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. to have a better experience, you need to: go to your browser's settings enable javascript follow the covid-19 restrictions and public health measures and book your appointment to get vaccinated. government of ontario home page search search fran?ais fr search menu close arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation home jobs and employment workplace health and safety find resources to help you improve your workplace?s health and safety and follow ontario?s occupational health and safety laws. we are moving content from the government?s older website some web content related to workplace health and safety may be temporarily unavailable as we move it to this website. if this is not the page you were expecting, please try again in a few days. sorry for any inconvenience. health and safety at work workplace health and safety is about identifying and preventing hazards that could lead to injury, mental and physical illness and fatalities at work. strong workplace health and safety practices help to manage risk for employers and workers. the benefits include higher productivity, healthier workplaces, better recruitment and retention, and fewer fines and work interruptions. covid-19 and workplace health and safety get information to help develop a plan to protect workers, customers and the public from covid-19. find posters, tools and guidance for ontario workplaces. notify the ministry report an incident or illness learn how to notify the ministry of labour, training and skills development and your health and safety committee if there is a workplace incident or illness, including those resulting in death, injury or occupational illness. you may also need to report injury or illnesses to the workplace safety and insurance board (wsib). file a health and safety complaint file a complaint if you have a workplace health and safety or workplace harassment concern. workers have legal protections against reprisals by their employers for reporting health and safety concerns. see also: procedure for a work refusal forms for other notices and registrations file a construction, window-cleaning or diving notice file a mining notice register an x-ray source health and safety planning the occupational health and safety act learn about the occupational health and safety act (ohsa), or read the guide to the ohsa for details about the rights and duties of employers, supervisors, workers, constructors and owners and their roles in establishing a strong internal responsibility system (irs) in the workplace. health and safety for small businesses learn about your responsibilities as a small business employer and how to get help keeping your workplace safe. posters required in the workplace download posters and find out what you must post in the workplace by law. training get information about health and safety training to help keep workplaces safe. health and safety committees and representatives use this guide to establish strong roles and clear procedures to support health and safety in your workplace. occupational health and safety inspections and investigations what to expect when a health and safety inspector from the ministry of ministry of labour, training and skills development visits your workplace, their powers and what to do if you disagree with their decision. supporting ontario?s safe employers program learn how to be recognized as one of ontario?s safe employers. answers to common questions procedure for a work refusal learn about a worker?s right to refuse unsafe work and the procedure that workers, employers and members of joint health and safety committees or health and safety representatives should follow according to the occupational health and safety act. volunteers learn about tips and best practices to stay healthy and safe when volunteering in ontario. minimum age for work learn about the minimum age to work in certain industries and visit certain workplaces in ontario. strategy and policy prevention works read the five-year strategy for ontario?s occupational health and safety system. ontario?s occupational health and safety system learn about the organizations and committees that work to keep ontario workers safe. fatalities and immediate response policy learn how the ministry of labour, training and skills development will communicate with families of workers who have been fatally injured in the workplace. enforcement workplace compliance initiatives construction health and safety program industrial health and safety program mining health and safety program health care health and safety program specialized professional services unit reports annual report, april 2019 ? march 2020 updates subscribe to our monthly newsletter to stay updated on current news from the ministry of labour, training and skills development. consultations past consultations see the consultations directory or the regulatory registry for records of past consultations. recent and upcoming regulatory changes pre-start health safety review requirements for factories coming into effect: january 1, 2022 the industrial establishments regulation (regulation 851) under the occupational health and safety act has been amended to streamline and clarify pre-start health and safety review requirements while maintaining existing worker health and safety protections. updated: march 31, 2022 published: march 31, 2022 image ministry of labour, training and skills development the ministry of labour, training and skills development advances safe, fair and harmonious workplace practices that are essential to the social and economic well-being of the people of ontario. about ontario accessibility news privacy terms of use ? queen?s printer for ontario, 2012?to22 contact us topics main menu en arts and culture business and economy covid-19 driving and roads education and training government health and wellness home and community jobs and employment law and safety rural and north taxes and benefits travel and recreation top
