https://www.uwindsor.ca/continuingeducation/530/corporate-training-custom-offerings
workplace training & custom offerings | continuing education at uwindsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students continuing education about us enrol instructor hiring continuing education at uwindsor in this section featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq featured offerings professional & skills development uwindsor prep program project management certificate program pmp? exam prep certified agile project manager e-commerce engineering, science & technology cybersecurity health sciences health informatics arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation workshop arts, culture and languages the fundamentals of race and anti-black racism english essentials esl and international pathway internationally-educated nurses (ien) program teacher training - independent practicum english language improvement program contact us login help & faq uwindsor home continuing education at uwindsor workplace training & custom offerings workplace training & custom offerings continuing education has a variety of options for corporate training or custom offerings. our team will work with you to create the best-fit schedule, pricing and flexibility that suits your organizational needs. in addition to those listed below, new offerings are in development. contact us to learn more continue@uwindsor.ca becoming a change agent learn about the psychology of change, at the individual employee and organizational level. strategies for planning organizational change and managing change will be developed. further, you will learn how individual employees may react to change, and what tactics can be used to minimize negative consequences for employees, and what tactics may be used to help employees cope with change. understand the psychology of change and its impact on teams create a change plan to guide organizational transition identify tactics to overcome resistance of change from your team develop mental health strategies to encourage personal resilience and coping through change and transition leading self and others explore the fundamentals of managing yourself, leading teams and personal leadership effectiveness. participants will have the opportunity to discover and leverage leadership strengths and find strategies to address gaps to improve performance to lead more effectively. participants will learn how to communicate authentically, develop a leadership presence, and bring out the best in others. develop effective strategies to communicate vision and business goals to enlist support and action assess your strengths and areas for development as a leader and how to improve leadership ability learn self-management skills required to model adaptive leadership principals and integrate theory to lead adaptively to individual employees develop best practices to successful leadership including the use of influence and inspiration for action introduction to project management discover the project management process. you will consider the triple constraint theory, how to avoid common pitfalls, and learn how emotional intelligence can affect communication at work. participants who successfully complete the introduction to project management module will be prepared to successfully lead a small business project. recognize the project lifecycle and best practices when managing projects in the workplace. develop communication strategies to interact with project team members and stakeholders. recognize the competencies required to manage projects in the workplace. reflect on a current workplace project apply best practices in project management supervising and coaching learn the essential leadership, coaching, and performance management skills to effectively lead individuals and teams. participants will build self-awareness about their leadership styles and learn best practices for performance management. this skills-based course will provide participants with an opportunity to amplify coaching skills with a focus on the theory and techniques that support compelling coaching experiences. identify the core functions and responsibilities of a supervisor and how to efficiently complete work with and through other people demonstrate how to appropriately use coaching and influence for problem solving, development and performance develop an honest awareness of yourself and how your behaviour impacts others understand the key elements in performance management and how to ensure maximum performance levels for employees learn how to give constructive feedback in a variety of performance situations to set clear accountability for employees? performance understand the critical elements in the coach-employee relationship and build coaching relationships with employees the science of effective teamwork how do great teams function? the science of effective teamwork workshop will bring you through the stages of group development and the drivers of effective teamwork. you will investigate your own personal conflict management style and learn how to effectively manage conflicts in teams. upon completion of the workshop you will have a plan to apply the best practices of building a resilient team to your own teams in a work setting. incorporate ?all star team? strategies into your teams use resilience building strategies within your team manage conflict effectively to expedite team development virtual teams virtual teams are becoming a necessity to achieving business outcomes. in this interactive session, participants will be guided through the following topics: characteristics of a successful virtual team strategies to overcome challenges virtual teams face team building best practices for productive virtual teams effective meeting management techniques for virtual meetings technology communication tools that support virtual collaboration strategizing the customer experience this interactive session is about brilliant service ? what it is, how to achieve it, and how to leverage its benefits for strategic purposes. initially, participants will establish a robust understanding and appreciation of service and its importance. building on this foundational overview of customer service, participants will progress to a strategic application of service. participants will develop a forward-looking strategic framework designed to enhance organizational performance through service. identify and define great communication define customer service excellence formulate strategies for handling customer objections identify and practice ?steps to great customer service? with mini-case scenarios procurement function a key corporate and professional skill set traditionally found in the financial ? administrative area of a company. how a company buys its goods, services, and other requirements contributes to its corporate image and reputation. procurement in the public sector requires attention to fairness, transparency, competitiveness and compliance with government rules, regulations and national and international trade agreements. in the private sector, attention focuses on best value and operational requirements defined in corporate policies which should reflect their mission and values, e.g. corporate citizenship ? fair and trusted buyer/seller. procurement planning (requirement definition and sourcing strategies, area of competition, market capacity) solicitation type evaluation and contract award contract administration business internal controls (delegated and signing authorities, e.g. spending, contract award, legal form of agreement) payment introduction to customs and trade assessment and payment of applicable duties requires an understanding of tariff schedules and proper classification and valuation of goods in trade. access to preferred tariff treatment under trade agreements like nafta depends on knowledge of and compliance with rules of origin. trade service providers can help manage the technicalities of customs administration. learn to avoid compliance issues and incorporate the implications of customs costs and regulations into your planning, purchasing and marketing clear definitions and examples of foundational concepts (tariffs, duties, forms, certificates, drawback, audits, and others) explanation of how those concepts are integrated into efficient and compliant customs procedures case examples and step-by-step guides for overcoming customs challenges arrhythmia and 12 lead interpretation this full day workshop is designed for those who have experience in basic lead ii ecg interpretation and wish to learn how to analyze and interpret 12 lead ecgs. it will provide a refresher of arrythmia interpretation and then will focus on the ?need to know? subjects of 12 lead electrocardiography. it will include basic electrophysiology, a framework for interpretation, a review of the normal 12 lead ecg, abnormalities and recognition of ecg changes seen in myocardial ischemia and infarction. topics include: arrhythmia interpretation basics of the 12 lead ecg ischemic versus myocardial infarction patterns axis deviation and bundle branch blocks hypertrophy and electrolyte imbalances creating briefing notes for evidence-based decisions professionals will be provided with an overview of how to create and present a short and informative briefing note. learners will be expected to bring an issue to the class and begin to create a briefing note that incorporates the concepts discussed in class. upon completion of this class, learners will: understand the purpose, structure, and characteristics of a briefing note develop a clear and concise briefing note practice tailoring the content, context and language of the brief so the recommendation is useful to the audience incorporate various types of evidence to create an evidence-informed decision/recommendation compose a communication strategy to build consensus during a presentation through a briefing note professional and persuasive presentations presenting complex content is challenging, especially when you are presenting to an audience with non-technical knowledge. in this class, participants will learn how to use technology and demonstrate concepts and solutions to simplify information for a specific audience. upon completion of the class, participants will be able to: identify strategies for preparing and delivering a successful business presentation select the appropriate technologies for an engaging and persuasive presentation simplify technical concepts for a non-technical audience incorporate audio-visual aid design principles in presentation slides create tables, charts and smartart in powerpoint handle difficult inquiries in presentations share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram
