https://explore.choosebright.com/get-started-uwindsor
your bright pass explained what is the bright pass? get access to hundreds of live, virtual well-being classes each week, including fitness, mindfulness, nutrition, yoga, and keynote speakers. thanks to the university of windsor students' alliance, it's free to all uwindsor students. get started learn more bright pass: all your well-being in one place bright pass: all your well-being in one place. the university of windsor students' alliance has partnered with bright to offer the bright pass for free to all uwindsor students. whether you're studying on campus or remotely, or somewhere in between, the bright pass can support you in feeling your best. self-care looks different to everyone, and that?s why we have a range of fitness, yoga, mindfulness, and nutrition classes running all day long. and with keynote speakers on a variety of topics each month, you'll find something that suits you. all bright virtual sessions are always live and interactive, and accessible on any device. get started with your bright pass today! get started how do i get started? important: be sure to use your uwindsor email address when creating your bright account. if you use any other email address, you will be unable to access any bright classes. if you are prompted to enter or request a pin, it means you've used the wrong email; you'll need to sign out, start over, and this time sign up using your uwindsor email. easy! just follow the steps below to create your account, browse our classes, and start booking. you may do so using our mobile app or your computer; see the instructions below for each. using the app: step 1: press "download the mobile app" below to download the app on android or ios. step 2: when you open the app, you will see "don't have an account? create one" at the bottom of the email - tap on this. step 3: tap on "sign up with email" and enter your uwindsor email address. complete your profile, and then start browsing and booking! ?at first i was nervous to do the yoga classes because it is not my forte! but robbie makes it so enjoyable, i look forward to it every weekday morning.? ?jessica is always so helpful and answers all my questions. this is very helpful - especially planning for meal prep, tips, and food safety. thank you!? go to booking page using your computer: step 1: go to the uwindsor booking page by pressing "go to booking page" below. step 2: press "sign up" at the top of your screen to create your account. press "sign up with email" and enter your uwindsor email address. step 3: you'll be guided through the rest of your account setup. when you're done, press "browse upcoming sessions" to start booking! download the mobile app ?my first time trying liss and i loved it. relaxing and energizing - just what i needed. i appreciated the interactive nature of the class and the instructor was very good.? discover about bright work with bright help faqs contact bright ? copyright 2020 bright. all rights reserved. privacy policy + terms of service. brighten up your social feeds discover about bright work with bright help faqs contact bright ???????? copyright 2020 bright. all rights reserved. privacy policy + terms of service. brighten up your social feeds e-book: well-being in the workplace &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-5cf7brq" style="display: none; visibility: hidden;" width="0" height="0"&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/iframe&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
