https://www.youtube.com/creators/
youtube creators ? education and inspiration for video creators
    jump to content welcome, creators how things work getting started on youtube everything you need to create and manage a channel. building your community tips and tricks to find, nurture and build an audience. how to make money on youtube explore all the ways you can get paid on youtube. growing your channel tools to help you create, connect and grow. policies and guidelines get the explanations behind the rules. programmes and initiatives how we support, recognise and celebrate creators. top questions everything you need to create on youtube no matter what kind of information, advice or help you're looking for, this is the spot. featured introducing youtube shorts youtube shorts make creating and watching videos on youtube easier than ever. they're made for mobile, allowing you to shoot, scroll and share right from your phone. learn more about shorts how things work getting started on youtube everything you need to create and manage a channel. building your community tips and tricks to find, nurture and build an audience. how to make money on youtube explore all the ways you can get paid on youtube. growing your channel tools to help you create, connect and grow. policies and guidelines get the explanations behind the rules. programmes and initiatives how we support, recognise and celebrate creators. top questions creators have questions and we've got answers. we've compiled the most common questions that we get with answers, plus links to helpful how tos and help centre articles. so that you can get all the info that you need, fast. 01 how do i start creating on youtube? 02 how do i grow my channel? 03 how do i make edits to my channel? 04 how do i promote my videos? 05 how does the algorithm work? creator basics: how to set up and customise your channel there are a few ways to get started on youtube. we offer up different formats and functionalities, giving you the flexibility to create everything from shorts, which are vertical videos that run 60 seconds or less, to longer form videos. no matter what you're creating, you'll need to start by creating a youtube channel. first you need to sign in to youtube using a google account. once you're signed in, click 'create account', and choose whether it's for you or for your business. you can then create a youtube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments and create shorts and playlists. next, you'll want to upload your videos! uploading is easy. you just sign in to your youtube account and then click on the 'create' icon. if you're planning to upload a longer form video, select 'upload video' and then choose your desired video file ? you can upload 15 files at a time! if you'd like to upload a youtube short, you'll need to be signed in to youtube mobile, where you'll tap 'create' and then 'create a short'. from here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. help your videos stand out and keep viewers watching growing your channel is all about creating videos viewers want to watch and accurately presenting them to the audience. when doing so, here's a few tips to keep in mind. with each video, think carefully about the title, description and thumbnail you plan to use ? these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. if you're a shorts creator, think about how the first 1?2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! once you've got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens and more. navigating youtube studio youtube studio is your home base for posting videos and making edits to your channel. to update your channel's basic info like name, profile picture and banner, just log in and tap 'customisation' to see your options. you can also make changes to your channel using the studio mobile app. you can tap 'your channel' and then 'edit channel' to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. note that you can only change your channel's name three times every 90 days. read more about managing your channel promoting your videos is all about getting the word out there. on youtube, you can use tools like cards, end screens, stories and community posts to drive viewers to a specific piece of content! off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. read more about promoting your videos the algorithm our search and discovery systems are built to find videos that match viewers' individual interests. we recommend videos based on things such as: what your audience watches and doesn't watch, how much time they spend watching, what they like and dislike, if they mark a video as 'not interested' and on satisfaction surveys. so, rather than trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. a great tool here is youtube analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! 01 how do i start creating on youtube? creator basics: how to set up and customise your channel there are a few ways to get started on youtube. we offer up different formats and functionalities, giving you the flexibility to create everything from shorts, which are vertical videos that run 60 seconds or less, to longer form videos. no matter what you're creating, you'll need to start by creating a youtube channel. first you need to sign in to youtube using a google account. once you're signed in, click 'create account', and choose whether it's for you or for your business. you can then create a youtube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments and create shorts and playlists. next, you'll want to upload your videos! uploading is easy. you just sign in to your youtube account and then click on the 'create' icon. if you're planning to upload a longer form video, select 'upload video' and then choose your desired video file ? you can upload 15 files at a time! if you'd like to upload a youtube short, you'll need to be signed in to youtube mobile, where you'll tap 'create' and then 'create a short'. from here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. 02 how do i grow my channel? help your videos stand out and keep viewers watching growing your channel is all about creating videos viewers want to watch and accurately presenting them to the audience. when doing so, here's a few tips to keep in mind. with each video, think carefully about the title, description and thumbnail you plan to use ? these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. if you're a shorts creator, think about how the first 1?2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! once you've got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens and more. 03 how do i make edits to my channel? navigating youtube studio youtube studio is your home base for posting videos and making edits to your channel. to update your channel's basic info like name, profile picture and banner, just log in and tap 'customisation' to see your options. you can also make changes to your channel using the studio mobile app. you can tap 'your channel' and then 'edit channel' to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. note that you can only change your channel's name three times every 90 days. read more about managing your channel 04 how do i promote my videos? promoting your videos is all about getting the word out there. on youtube, you can use tools like cards, end screens, stories and community posts to drive viewers to a specific piece of content! off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. read more about promoting your videos 05 how does the algorithm work? the algorithm our search and discovery systems are built to find videos that match viewers' individual interests. we recommend videos based on things such as: what your audience watches and doesn't watch, how much time they spend watching, what they like and dislike, if they mark a video as 'not interested' and on satisfaction surveys. so, rather than trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. a great tool here is youtube analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! see all questions resources learn from getting started to improving your channel's performance, these resources help you continue to learn and grow. updates, news and education from experts and creators. youtube creators channel support if you have a problem, we're here to help you solve it. fix upload problems, troubleshoot account issues and more. get the breakdown on the topics that are most important to creators. help centre the place to ask questions and provide feedback. community forum connect ask questions, find answers and understand more about youtube via our social channels and email. the latest tools, tips and inspiration for creators like you. @youtubecreators real-time answers. available in: english, espa?ol, portugu?s, deutsch, fran?ais, p??????, ??? and bahasa indonesia. @teamyoutube get the latest information and resources in your inbox. youtube emails connect about youtube about blog how youtube works jobs press youtube culture & trends products youtube go youtube kids youtube music youtube originals youtube premium youtube select youtube studio youtube tv for business developers youtube advertising for creators creating for youtube kids creator research creator services directory youtube artists youtube creators youtube nextup youtube vr our commitments creators for change csai match social impact about youtube products for business for creators our commitments about blog how youtube works jobs press youtube culture & trends youtube go youtube kids youtube music youtube originals youtube premium youtube select youtube studio youtube tv developers youtube advertising creating for youtube kids creator research creator services directory youtube artists youtube creators youtube nextup youtube vr creators for change csai match social impact policies & safety copyright brand guidelines privacy terms help english ??????? ?e?tina deutsch english (australia) english (brazil) english (canada) english (germany) english (egypt) english (spain) english (hong kong sar china) english (indonesia) english (india) english (italy) english (kenya) english (nigeria) english (netherlands) english (philippines) english (thailand) english (taiwan) english (united kingdom) english (united states) english (vietnam) english (south africa) espa?ol espa?ol (espa?a) espa?ol (estados unidos) fran?ais fran?ais (canada) ?????? magyar bahasa indonesia italiano ??? ??? nederlands polski portugu?s (brasil) portugu?s (portugal) rom?n? ??????? svenska ??? t?rk?e ?????????? ti?ng vi?t ?? (??) ?? (???, ?????????)
