https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/
youtube copyright and fair use policies - how youtube works jump to content our commitments managing harmful content how does youtube manage harmful content? standing up to hate how does youtube protect the community from hate and harassment? fighting misinformation how does youtube combat misinformation? curbing extremist content how does youtube prevent radicalisation? supporting political integrity how does youtube support civic engagement and election integrity? preventing bias what does youtube do to prevent bias? fostering child safety how does youtube help keep children protected on the platform? protecting user data how does youtube maintain user privacy? safeguarding copyright how does youtube protect copyrighted content? sharing revenue how does youtube make money? promoting digital wellbeing how does youtube support users' digital wellbeing? responding to covid-19 how is youtube supporting users during covid-19? product features youtube search how our search tool can help you find content that you'll love recommended videos how we recommend content that we think you'll want to watch news and information how we provide context for your search results and videos monetisation for creators how creators earn money on youtube youtube live how you can reach your community in real time with live and premieres user settings privacy controls how we protect your information and what you can do to control your privacy ad settings how our advertising works and how to customise your ad experience parental controls how you can create a family-friendly experience auto-play how auto-play works and how to turn it off rules and policies policies overview how our rules and policies help keep our platform safe community guidelines how we define what we do and don't allow on youtube copyright how we help creators responsibly manage their content monetisation policies how creators can monetise their content as part of the youtube partner programme legal removals how we approach content that violates local law progress and impact progress on managing harmful content how we're enforcing our policies on harmful content by the numbers our impact how creative entrepreneurs are transforming their lives and communities culture and trends how to better understand the next generation of creators and artists rules and policies copyright overview fair use making claims enforcing copyright the first rule of copyright creators should only upload videos that they have made or that they're authorised to use. that means that they should not upload videos that they didn't make, or use content in their videos that someone else owns the copyright to, such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programmes or videos made by other users, without necessary authorisations. what is fair use? fair use is a us law that allows the reuse of copyright-protected material under certain circumstances without getting permission from the copyright owner. however, fair use is determined on a case-by-case basis, and different countries have different rules about when it's acceptable to use material without the copyright owner's permission. in the us, works of commentary, criticism, research, teaching or news reporting might be considered fair use, but it can depend on the situation. we created the youtube audio library to help creators reuse content safely by providing free high-quality music and sound effects. resources learn more about fair use how can rightsholders make copyright claims? everyone has access to youtube's copyright management tools, which give rightsholders control of their copyrighted material on youtube. we work with rightsholders to match them to appropriate features based on the scale of their copyrighted content on youtube and the resources that they've dedicated to responsibly managing their content online. our copyright management suite provides a number of ways for rightsholders to make copyright claims. webform the simplest way to have unauthorised copies of copyrighted content removed is by manually submitting a copyright notification through our dmca (digital millennium copyright act) webform. this tool is best for most users ? it is open to everyone and available in every language. copyright match tool the copyright match tool uses the power of content id matching technology to find re-uploads of videos on youtube. available to over 1,500,000 channels, it identifies near-full re-uploads of a creator's original videos on other youtube channels and allows the creator to choose an action to take: they can request the removal of the video, message the uploader of the video or simply archive the match if they do not want to take any action. any user with a demonstrated history of successful dmca takedowns via our webform can apply for access using our public form. content id content id is our solution for those with the most complex rights management needs. it is our digital fingerprinting system that allows rightsholders to upload content that they have exclusive rights to as reference files, and then scans videos uploaded to youtube for matches of that content. when a user uploads content, content id scans against the database for matching videos. if there is a match, then an action is taken based on the predefined rules or policies that a content owner sets themselves: block a whole video from being viewed. creators do not receive a copyright strike if the content owner blocks a video. monetise the video by running ads against it, in some cases sharing revenue with the uploader. track the video's viewership statistics. in most cases, this means that rightsholders don't need to submit copyright takedowns for these videos and instead have the opportunity to monetise and run ads in exchange for the videos being live. resources learn more about youtube's copyright management tools learn more about copyright strikes what action does youtube take for copyright infringement? if a copyright owner submits a valid dmca (digital millennium copyright act) complaint through our webform, we take down that video and apply a copyright strike. if a user gets three copyright strikes in 90 days, their account, along with any associated channels, will be terminated. we also have tools to help creators resolve their copyright strikes ? including waiting for it to expire after 90 days, requesting a retraction or submitting a counter notification. content id works differently. if a match between a reference file and a new upload is found, a 'claim' is made. based on the preference selected by the content id owner, we'll apply a policy to track, monetise or block, but will not issue a copyright strike. resources learn more about copyright strikes retract a claim of copyright infringement submit a counter notification related articles community guidelines read more safeguarding copyright read more monetisation policies read more connect about youtube about blog how youtube works jobs press youtube culture & trends products youtube go youtube kids youtube music youtube originals youtube premium youtube select youtube studio youtube tv for business developers youtube advertising for creators creating for youtube kids creator research creator services directory youtube artists youtube creators youtube nextup youtube vr our commitments creators for change csai match social impact about youtube products for business for creators our commitments about blog how youtube works jobs press youtube culture & trends youtube go youtube kids youtube music youtube originals youtube premium youtube select youtube studio youtube tv developers youtube advertising creating for youtube kids creator research creator services directory youtube artists youtube creators youtube nextup youtube vr creators for change csai match social impact policies & safety copyright brand guidelines privacy terms help english deutsch (?sterreich) english (australia) nederlands (belgi?) ????????? (????????) portugu?s (brasil) english (canada) ?e?tina (?esko) deutsch (deutschland) dansk (danmark) eesti (eesti) espa?ol (espa?a) suomi (suomi) fran?ais (france) ???????? (??????) hrvatski (hrvatska) magyar (magyarorsz?g) bahasa indonesia (bahasa indonesia) english (ireland) english (india) italiano (italia) ??? (??) ??? (????) lietuvi? (lietuva) deutsch (luxemburg) latvie?u (latvija) nederlands (nederland) polski (polska) portugu?s (portugal) rom?n? (rom?nia) ??????? (??????) svenska (sverige) sloven??ina (slovenija) sloven?ina (slovensko) t?rk?e (t?rkiye) english (united kingdom) ??????? deutsch (belgien) ???????? (??????) english (belgium) english (malta) espa?ol (estados unidos) fran?ais (belgique) fran?ais (canada) fran?ais (luxembourg) ?????? (????) ????? (?????) kiswahili t?rk?e (k?br?s)
